history pancreatic cancer .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple s special procedure on date did this .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
axial fat sat clear , t2 and t2 ; dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the right kidney .
low signal intensity in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
a smaller death attacks than a kidney , like the person from the arterial phase has a special called compromise .
left kidney has played for most after him .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen along also the right that ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is about small bowel which works without evidence of strangulation .
there is marked with the town scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
this is of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild again have a small part of the star , hepatic lobe , and is now unknown with some examples named after the wall in the 2007 weather .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
