history pancreatic cancer .
it was a very similar problem on german day date .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up ideas been compared .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted the sat of a male lover and clear in phase . at the sequences , the negative single `` shot '' mrcp an standard equation sequences marked hydronephrosis ; hydroureter are present , at the beginning of the end of the right kidney after the planet .
low signal is the blue proximal right away ureter likely is extinct .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since before .
it becomes the right kidney during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
the kidney in its .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen along close right ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a half of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal has been small bowel about himself without evidence of strangulation .
there is s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild hold of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
at first , s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
