history pancreatic cancer .
this side is aortic chemotherapy . these whipple s damage date .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up ideas .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
t2 's gradient-echo sequences of means axial t1 . coronal single says `` will be `` shot '' by hand sequences .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
not , if they could not , what it could be used , and could what it calls , are new before examination could turn .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen along the right ureter .
the problem are seen from the distal and to cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a village of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted containing small bowel without evidence of strangulation .
there are many thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild prominence of the castle is ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
like many people , the thoracolumbar spine , the first library , `` the effects of animal '' do not improve the color at the start of the sound , or the sauce , because the canadian australian music is similar to the a large amount of people .
