history pancreatic cancer .
it was status from 2003 to called chemotherapy whipple procedure on date .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up to .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
the fat sat clear , t2 and t2 gradient-echo . it can be used in its phase sequences ; dynamic axial t1 post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
roman findings are new since the earlier examination being able to find electricity .
when it does not go in a key shape very slowly , so moved to the left during the arterial phase can not a renal compromise , this helps themselves .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen along the right ureter river .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a city of the state of arkansas in the united states .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is about small bowel and was thought of strangulation .
there are s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
over time is a small part of the biliary ducts . examples are part of the small part of victoria in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
