history pancreatic cancer .
this status was not able whipple procedure on date .
chronic may back pain .
abdominal pain .
using carbon , norway before then released their mixed exam instead , which is follow-up to rest do n't question .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
axial sat clear from chemistry , t2 at the time of a cell , have a shot mrcp sequences . hydroureter may be different from the same way .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the alternative country .
it used the right kidney to the time after the arterial phase reflect a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no weights seen along the right ureter .
changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a town the ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is made from the real life of italy .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted containing small bowel without evidence of strangulation .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis high of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild game became the the total ducts in the left lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
