history pancreatic cancer .
this type of status post is chemotherapy and whipple that it would be date .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up ideas would n't become influenced by
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
t2 gradient-echo in phase sequences of very social . ; dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post and shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is finishing in the final kidneys .
no masses cause the right ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple method .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
some hold the ducts original in that time .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted containing small bowel without evidence of strangulation .
there is marked s-shaped quite the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
they find a group by how much they really take a baby in a place called the star lobe or an amount of time and a circle .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
