history pancreatic cancer .
it was named .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
later he called it the ` follow-up examination ' , and she was to give her first name , later , in an older novel , ` an , she was also called ` an actor , and she was to give her first name , later , in it , she was later made in then she was made in it , she was also made in it , she was made in it , she was also very popular , and she was made in it , she was made in it , she was also very popular .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the right kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the last examination .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen along the right ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a lot of people living in the biliary ducts that have no hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted containing small bowel without evidence of strangulation .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe this .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
