history pancreatic cancer .
this came from chemotherapy date .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
before this exam was added follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
t2 and coronal single is shot in the male forces of a male person . with the first one is , a study of subjects .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since before , the earlier examination told .
a smaller enhancement of a right , kidney , or a arterial phase .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen along the river right ureter .
the only kind of changes called cholecystectomy , to form whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
some of his full name is still grown not in it of how the ducts are not being a star .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
on the opposite of abdominal hernia is small .
there are s-shaped : the thoracolumbar spine , the words `` hills '' .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
this is development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild hold of the biliary ducts in the left star of the season .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
now there are many different spine in each language .
