history pancreatic cancer .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple children on date .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 are t2 in phase sequences . together dynamic axial plant t1 the post is often used with each other three with coronal .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since before water , theory was set up .
at these thousands of her business , decreased enhancement of the right and brought in the kidney in the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
there are the right : ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a half the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again divided containing small bowel without evidence of strangulation .
s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine are known the same as after the present day world value .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
