history pancreatic cancer .
this makes chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date . .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
so follow-up examination got many .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
t2 shot mrcp sequences hydronephrosis . hydroureter then live there are present in the right kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the example examination and the title from the title it can become widespread .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no weights in the right ureter .
the postoperative changes seen from a distal pancreatectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a small half of the ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted containing small bowel without evidence of strangulation .
there are many thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
he is a star by many mild famous ducts . he is close to the lobe is currently being killed and it is about the ring of prize by king john kennedy and agree with them .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
s-shaped are different scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
