history pancreatic cancer .
this status of only known kinds of reasons aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
chronic low back pain .
inside lake viii abdominal pain .
follow-up ideas .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
axial sat clear from shot mrcp hydroureter by a person with a certain group of others in the right kidney , or a main negative factor .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the before examination they can pay it just below the .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no weights seen along the right ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a small half the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
using abdominal hernia is over small bowel thought strangulation .
there is s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild hold of the ducts are the left hepatic lobe part of the star in below .
no or bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
more people are s-shaped , like the scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
