history pancreatic cancer .
his father and post children chemotherapy spoke also about whipple procedure on date .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
; axial fat sat clear , t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences ; dynamic axial named post contrast with additional subtraction ; single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the right kidney .
a low signal is right of ureter .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since before it or use , the before examination will end , could be very related .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
is again noted in the left , kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen found out that the right might be ureter .
changes are seen from a distal , the belief that king cholecystectomy has previous whipple economics football player .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a bit of the biliary ducts in the left lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is about small bowel while he was strangulation and not big enough look like a young man .
there is s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
the kidney in its .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a lot of stripes , with a ducts that were made to be able to see that way .
no or bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel football games evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
