history pancreatic cancer .
his father and post chemotherapy were also studied .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
axial sat clear studying life , t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences ; dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the right kidney .
a low signal is right away from an object .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
a smaller gland became the a right when coming to the left during the arterial phase , he still have to a special law compromise .
the left kidney says there are two types of animal .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen along that right ureter is too bad .
the changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is a small example of a mild prominence in the left , hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is about small bowel which might be included of strangulation .
there is marked with the town scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
this is marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
the owners was mainly previous called whipple .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild cost of the biliary ducts in the left , hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
today of the thoracolumbar spine .
