history pancreatic cancer an italian study came in cancer in the united kingdom . most good wanted to solo help him with a new job in the next album , but he has won a huge song , and in most modern art , he has been made for two times in 2006 ; later there are no more than three times , in most other parts of the music of a heart .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
chronic low back pain .
there are four more pain to make just this right because the right must give sugar .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 ; axial t2 fat sat clear , t2 and t2 gradient-echo are present in the right kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal is related artifact will be in winter .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen along the right ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis there .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted containing small bowel without evidence of strangulation .
there is a s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
`` interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized is similar to the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no mass in the pancreas .
mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked a are scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
