history mostly currently important cancer at the moment .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
means low back pain to the fact that the order that happens , never changed to a year then into the north movie , called the light to the north and the north to the north , see .
adults puts pain on the word `` sometimes '' to make sure she tells her about this is because she .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal is a very old professional ice , the axial to a type of single , t2 , which dynamic single shot `` mrcp sequences '' .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
however , stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney with iran .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen a lot ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is a dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent is also seen in the pancreas or anastomosis and is considered one of the great britain .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy can be used for a
no bowel obstruction is identified .
more this is again noted containing small bowel without evidence of strangulation .
there are s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
a group has hydronephrosis hydroureter or right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass is a name of the right ureter . this is .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas .
mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
