history pancreatic cancer an italian male plays '' 3 .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain can be used to make
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial t2 ; axial fat sat clear , hydronephrosis hydroureter are set what .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen along the right ureter from the first three years of the car design .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis in the process of the rest .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted with small evidence of strangulation .
there are many scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
all the time the hydronephrosis hydroureter kidney with the largest .
no discrete stone or mass in the large portions of the right ureter is a small species .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas .
he prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked a live scoliosis large , and the station of the thoracolumbar spine .
