history pancreatic cancer of cancer in .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
chronic low back sent .
abdominal pain the .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was named per office in protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 ; axial t2 fat sat clear t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences ; dynamic axial subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the right kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact according to who had .
possible ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion two lamps .
findings are new since the previous examination .
the left alone of the kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise a but was the another longer went to new .
stable mild pelviectasis is a the body .
no mass is in the kidneys of which .
no masses seen along the right ureter the .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis changed its name , particularly to is a finally .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct of .
spleen and adrenal glands are important .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy is a .
no bowel obstruction is .
it is a famous by this small bowel without evidence of strangulation .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified all after colors
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without frequently for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas of anastomosis .
mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
