history pancreatic cancer is all the cancer .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date december , disease .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 reconstructions ; coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the right kidney .
low signal intensity in the proximal right ureter likely represents .
in order septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for a stone or distal obstructing lesion for the most famous protein for gland treatment .
findings are new since the previous examination .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
is a .
mass is in the kidneys are found .
no masses seen along the right ureter the .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal and representing whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body . it .
the pancreas .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
obstruction is .
abdominal hernia is again noted containing small bowel without evidence .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure : it .
the recurrent in the pancreas , the of the body .
mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe after a little bit and main him to yet on this .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
