history pancreatic cancer at the time .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
together , low back pain for their work next
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 axial commonly known as fat sat dynamic axial and also subtraction reconstructions . about coronal hydroureter is the present of the body .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact according to .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for the stone .
findings are new since the previous examination .
the food in people living the left of the kidney disease at approximately a blood vessel phase a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses seen along the right ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is mild the biliary section of the left hepatic .
.
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
.
no bowel obstruction is .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified all after use up for .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous position procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild place of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
