history pancreatic cancer far
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
problems low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 , in axial - fat sat clear , t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences ; dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot and hydroureter are present in the kidney causing .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is in the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys under the way about 2004 in the retina , .
no masses seen along the right ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
in the pancreas . anastomosis .
there is mild prominence of an ducts in the left hepatic .
defect is within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
.
no bowel obstruction is .
anterior abdominal hernia is again in small bowel in night without evidence of strangulation .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right had .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
