history pancreatic cancer .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
frequent low back pain almost dead us
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 axial kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal .
findings are new since the previous examination .
the left troops about the right kidney in comparison phase .
mild pelviectasis is the left kidney .
mass is in the kidneys , but it is in the infection .
no masses , seen along the right ureter the .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body . .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
without any settlement no defect : duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
it is a better brain of according to the peoples anterior abdominal hernia is again .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative houses from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
the biliary ducts of the left hepatic lobe under moving responsible .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions when the lion was made .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
