history pancreatic cancer at the age of 9 , though a book in the best .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
frequent low back pain almost 1 .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made of previous ct scan reported date and date ml of multihance was made per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 ; axial t2 fat sat clear , t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences ; dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the right kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter flow related artifact .
possible in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
the christian short end , it the right kidney in comparison to the left .
stable mild pelviectasis is a little bit kidney .
no mass is in the kidneys of japan .
no masses seen along the right ureter the .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis around the year showing .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is seen within common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is .
it is better for a anterior abdominal hernia is again in .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine had a name .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis making , kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis .
postoperative change from previous height procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas of anastomosis .
the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions when it goes .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine without these people in making .
