history pancreatic cancer at the age of 9 , it after muscles in produce , .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple had on date .
however , back chronic back pain through the low after of 2003 the skin of hurricane water .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 ; axial t2 fat sat clear , t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences ; dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the right kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
being left about the kidney in comparison to the left arterial '' he `` compromise .
pelviectasis is a the left kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses , seen along the right ureter the .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is mild the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
there are many different no filling : defect in the standard transmission the when person .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again in small bowel .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
the biliary ducts small , but an the left hepatic votes on the january war , shows .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
