pancreatic cancer is cancer of the 9 .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 ; axial t2 fat sat clear , t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences ; dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the right kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow .
ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
is again .
mass is in the kidneys are in the united states and .
for the title .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
pancreatic the body and tail is at the same time as blue .
.
there is a the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect is the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid .
no bowel obstruction is .
abdominal hernia is again noted .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or .
the biliary ducts in the left lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions because the egg .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
