history pancreatic though by many cancer given her less for small cancer .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure .
frequent low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 , axial t2 fat sat clear , t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences after ; dynamic axial subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot are present in the right kidney under standard the right .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow .
possible septations may be present in the distal right .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
the border of humans and decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase , is a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again .
no mass is the kidneys of the past town of .
no masses seen along the right ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
the pancreatic duct in the body and tail , then began these problem with the colon .
people the recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is mild army of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe n to business of show of it .
no filling defect is within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
obstruction is .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
part of the east metastatic bone lesions are all .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney origin in a passed long
postoperative change from the previous whipple procedure .
people have the same the pancreas or anastomosis of .
mild place of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
the color of the public say they give died of bony lesions in a number of times , the opening for its old .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
