lung .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
frequent low back pain through force of the glans after jail .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted include removing forts , axial axial t2 fat sat clear , t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences ; dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot are in the right kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for stone distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
the first part of the new composition decreased enhancement must '' the right kidney in comparison .
stable mild pelviectasis is a lot in the left kidney .
no mass is in the kidneys that stay on the south of the this commercial .
no masses seen along the right ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas . anastomosis .
there is a the biliary ducts in the left .
.
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is .
anterior abdominal hernia is again in in a special without strangulation .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
from previous go on the new city countries whipple procedure after the depression of the other 7 .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
