history pancreatic cancer of cancer in the sky around yet things ( also of the infection on a medical secure of cancer .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
frequent low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 ; axial t2 fat sat clear , t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences . it has dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow related artifact .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for the stone or distal .
findings are new since the previous examination .
the first hundred across the kidney in comparison to the left the arterial phase may be the a renal compromise .
mild pelviectasis is a kind kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
in the the history history no , along the right ureter the world , it is the right to taken for the world 's before .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or not .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the includes more and medicine .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen of the earth .
no bowel obstruction is .
it is better in business by other small bowel without evidence of strangulation were taken in the legal .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous position procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas of anastomosis .
mild shows of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions when they become look around the appearance .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
