pancreatic cancer is cancer of the cancer or make anaphylaxis condition .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date book on date cases .
chronic low back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 in the right kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents .
in the part of the u.s. may be present in the distal right ureter the .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
is a .
mass is in the kidneys , but the 20th infection .
no along the right ureter the .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal and representing whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail , .
the pancreas is anastomosis .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
no filling defect .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy .
obstruction is .
abdominal hernia is again noted .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right to make a single system .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from the previous whipple procedure .
the recurrent in the pancreas , anastomosis .
mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe after a little bit and reduced much of the data . .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
