history pancreatic cancer at the most fourth most of the time .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date 's .
frequent low back pain almost 10 at the condition .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 axial subtraction reconstructions as coronal hydroureter . this is only the bible kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for a possible stone distal obstructing lesion can be made by .
findings are new since the previous examination .
the left decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
mild pelviectasis is a little bit kidney .
no mass is identified in the kidneys .
no masses , seen along the right ureter the .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is mild the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
without sharks have there are filling in the past , the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative started on from lots of whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe n out of getting this .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions when the blood vessels made .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
