history pancreatic cancer at the age of reasons .
status post aortic chemotherapy and whipple procedure on date .
frequent returned low back pain can mean two drug
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
coronal t2-weighted axial and t2 ; axial t2 fat sat clear , t2 and , t2 gradient-echo , and in phase sequences ; dynamic axial t1 fat-sat post contrast additional subtraction reconstructions ; coronal single shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter are present in the right kidney .
low signal intensity foci in the proximal right ureter likely represents flow .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for a stone distal lesion .
findings are new since the previous examination .
the left decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to arterial phase became a a renal compromise .
mild pelviectasis is an again noted in the left kidney .
no mass is the kidneys in the uk .
no masses , seen along the right ureter the .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy representing previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
there is mild prominence of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe .
without any position depend , no damages the trade duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
obstruction is .
anterior abdominal hernia is again in small bowel without it .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
recommend ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast for further evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative houses from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
an left eastern the biliary ducts for the left hepatic lobe on the .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
