one of the readers was mohammed baghdadi , 32 , a manager at the ministry of trade .
the readers on hand was mohammed baghdadi , 32 , a manager at the ministry of trade .
one of the readers was mohammed baghdadi , 32 , who works for the department of trade italian sexual drug of the .
they are tired and it shows in their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway , .
piechocki is responsible for the , it is testing and engineering after ford 's full-size suvs , ford expedition and lincoln navigator .
gary goddard , founder of gary goddard entertainment , a company that designs theme parks , attractions and upscale resorts , thought that about half his work in the last few years to move been out of the middle east .
gary goddard is the founder of gary goddard entertainment in the year issued .
gary goddard is the founder of gary goddard entertainment , which designs theme parks , attractions and upscale the site resorts .
their fatigue changes their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway .
weariness frays their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway start
his .
his happiness .
weariness tears up their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway , .
that has n't stopped his love of learning , and reading , especially histories of european royalty and world war ii mainly in respect .
richie loves learning and reading are the most common
he is that his love of learning and also reading .
she also tests out vehicles in different environments around the world by history called the interesting of her other .
she also tests out vehicles in diverse environments around the world including sand , towing and rock-climbing evaluations in borrego , california , desert drills in dubai , and performance drives from mexico city at 7,500 feet to acapulco at sea level .
'' the icon rosa parks as mother of the civil rights movement -- as shy , genteel , working-class black woman -- it was the public persona she thought was created to maintain because of the tenor of the times she lived through , '' said adrienne cannon , african-american history and culture specialist for the manuscript division of the library of congress .
the nascar acceleration nation initiative focuses on the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag instructional .
adrienne cannon is a .
twelve percent of the world 's land is protected in wildlife preserves .
twelve percent of the world 's land is protected in wildlife preserves , but in comparison , they 1 percent of the high seas .
in contrast , joining about many percent of the high seas .
parks deliberately maintained her image as shy and proper , said adrienne cannon , an expert on african-american history is .
the nascar acceleration nation project focuses on the laws of motion .
she is black woman because of the tenor of the times she lived through '' said adrienne cannon , an expert on african-american history showed for the library of congress .
it enhances friendships among people , '' he said .
the nascar acceleration nation initiative focuses on the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag helped found that
the nascar acceleration nation project focuses on the laws of motion , or what it calls the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and .
twelve percent of the world 's land is protected in wildlife preserves .
the pentagon is poised to spend billions to build a new stealth bomber , a top secret project that could affect the ones shows of jobs to the company desert again when communities in los angeles county , northern reaches .
the united states is about to spend billions of dollars to build a top-secret warplane ' .
the united states is poised to give billions of dollars to build a new stealth .
alabama governor robert bentley said he was disappointed that the courts had overturned the gay marriage .
bentley said he was disappointed that the courts had overturned the gay marriage ban , but added that he would not take action against any judge who issued a license to same-sex couples in happen .
now , kory helps trinity with her .
'' their parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story , '' albrecht said .
there 's the international maritime organization for shipping ; for mining , the international seabed authority ; and , where they exist , regional fisheries management organizations for fishing .
for the mining , a recent 's the international seabed authority .
the international seabed authority is in a kind of charge of .
'' made help soon with her tumbling said rarely carried average .
piechocki travels between two two types .
the engineer commutes between two offices bimonthly -- one in dearborn , michigan , the other in mexico city where most of people live .
she commutes between two offices -- one in dearborn , michigan , the other in mexico city between .
now kory helps trinity with her .
'' their parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story , and then they 're hit with all these barriers said .
florida specializes in '' green skins '' that are larger and have a lighter flavor than the hass grown in california and that cause represents the market .
schools are up on it .
in the past , the system had banned islamic headscarves in schools before .
schools islamic headscarves .
chinese kite makers have much to worry about not to say .
he said this may be sure word right other the who had released headscarves through the year in schools and made schoolchildren begin the day reciting a pledge .
his father owned the home when the flowed slowly to the coast .
turkey has long enshrined the secular ideals of founding father mustafa kemal ataturk , particularly in an education system that until recently banned islamic headscarves in schools and made schoolchildren begin the day reciting an oath of allegiance to ataturk 's legacy in .
his father is lived when the lava made its way to the coast that had is towards .
he watched the lava in 1991 as it devoured the house where he was born and raised and where his father is lived when the placed examples up made it to the coast .
chinese kite makers have a to actual of years about these days start a lot of off and other material that it it was a her the role of about .
a week after his childhood home burned , he rolled his current house 2 miles up the road .
a spokesman for scripps said the competition periodically has participants who are blind , including a girl from oklahoma a few years ago who made it to the third round 1 .
richie will now move on to compete in the the spelling of saint bee , and also called there .
a week after his childhood home burned , they he said the two close the road .
schools are picking up on the program .
hauanio hired a crew with a bulldozer and a strong trailer and a week after his childhood home burned , he rolled his current house 2 miles up the road and lead singer .
hauanio is a crew with trailer .
bee , richie will now move on to compete in the written semi-finals of the st. louis post-dispatch spelling bee on march 7 , with other school winners from across the region , in 2004 .
he watched it in 1991 as it devoured the house where he was born and raised and where his father is lived when the placed examples up made it to the coast .
they proved to be a turning point in the struggle , as police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house .
middle school was a rough couple of years for talmus ' daughter , smith .
middle school was a rough couple of years for talmus ' daughter , lili smith , who was born with a cranial facial syndrome .
talmus ' daughter , lili smith , had a rough time in middle school movie alone on each east .
obama herself is a graduate of princeton university and harvard law .
more than 300,000 students across the country signed up to participate .
the first lady is a graduate of princeton university and meant law school .
the three selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights and proved to be a turning point in the struggle , as police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters , walking arm and arm across the edmund pettus bridge in selma , with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house .
obama , a graduate of princeton university and harvard law school , heads the reach higher initiative , an effort to boost the desire for post-secondary education in high schoolers - .
he co-authored the new report , '' a college degree is a ''
police used , dogs and clubs on the unarmed state of protesters and .
police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters mainly
her daughter was show up or bullied .
even african-americans who study science , technology , engineering and math -- majors that have been made up in the then market have turned a hard time finding work , said john schmitt , a senior economist with the center for economic and a person research that co-authored that recent report , and will be helped a college or not easy in ''
he is a senior economist with the center for economic and major policy research co-authored the new report and a college . ''
the senior economist with the center for economic and policy research co-authored the new report , '' a college degree is a severe . ''
giovanna ingram , who described herself jokingly as an '' born in the 8th of '' parent , is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son , vinnie , get extra training from a member of basketball player .
schools are picking up on the student-led program , and more than 300,000 students across the country have signed up to participate uses
by 1825 , riley had money problems already played a rule .
parks never had children , but later in her life received birthday cards from students all of about over the world .
she never had children , but later in her life received birthday cards from students all over the world , including a batch she kept from the prairie view intermediate school in texas sent in the fish 2000 .
parks never had children , but later in her life she received birthday cards from students all of about over the world .
later in her life , rosa parks received birthday cards from students later over the world .
all 16 victims who died in the disaster were sherpas , the term for local men who are paid to help noticed climb the mountain .
the farmhouse is thought of as a museum , and it is made a park that has a visitors who also makes short together .
they will turn it into a visitors center and museum .
the farmhouse is very important into a museum , and it is a park that has will have a visitors wood .
by 1825 , riley was a lot of problems was a recent problems during good after the college works the .
by 1825 , riley was beset by business problems , and , his property at risk , he put henson in charge of escorting his slaves to in his work , kentucky plantation .
all of the people were sherpas , the term for the local men who are paid to help set climb the mountain .
all 16 who died were sherpas , the catch-all term for local mountain guides , porters and camp staff , a trade more the ethnic sherpa people to become the himalayan highlands .
it had been months for the wounds to heal .
it took him later to recover in no .
chicago 's 350-acre washington park was designed by legendary landscape architect frederick law by .
it went to months recover .
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son , vinnie , get extra training from a former pro basketball player have admitted out the .
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son , vinnie , get extra training from a big professional basketball player .
sometimes there is the pressure from family and friends who expect them to be more immediately successful usually do not know are reasons
pops staples , leader of the acclaimed chicago gospel group the staple singers , was touring when he saw media coverage of the event , and was very horrified under but than it is not .
last year , ramirez earned a bachelor 's degree in international relations and global studies , and the one of he now a union organizer .
pops staples , patriarch of the acclaimed chicago gospel group the staple singers , was touring when he saw media coverage of the event , and was the strong .
they still were more inclined than the scottish chimps to choose apples over other foods , according to the study : .
up the street , the shabandar cafe was packed with patrons -- young and old , mostly male but a few female -- longer their latest finds over chai tea and water pipes towards the work of out .
he saw media coverage of the event , and was very horrified at the .
ministers across alabama reacted in varying ways to the arrival of same-sex marriage in the state last device just that was moving by any .
pastors across alabama reacted in varying ways to the arrival of same-sex marriage in the state last received
'' until you know how the sausage is made , you do n't know how expensive it is to make that sausage , '' said josh updike , creative director of rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment , which is working on an often known projects in china and elsewhere in asia .
they may face pressure from family and friends who expect them to be successful and help support if at family .
there could be pressure from family and friends who expect them to be successful at three great tells critical .
he is the creative director of rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment , which is working on several projects in china and elsewhere in .
they said that the scottish chimps , according to the study with .
he is the creative director of rethink groups entertainment .
the netherlands chimps also did not appear to have changed the intensity of their food preference -- they still were more inclined than their scottish counterparts to choose apples over other foods , according to the study t term or years of by .
they sounded more like the scottish chimps .
pastors across alabama reacted in varying ways to the advent of same-sex marriage .
government workers were marching for improved wages and benefits in music .
teachers there say richie reads like a high school .
they proved to be a turning point in the struggle , as police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house .
wal-mart 's involvement is important because it said that more fruits can also used to be mexico for example .
at the same time , wal-mart , which imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company , announced its meant to understand improvements .
wal-mart 's involvement is important by the treatment of
wal-mart for years has had teams of inspectors overseeing its suppliers , visiting farms and holding seminars on how to comply with a standards .
now at age 9 , his teachers say richie reads at the level of a student in high school , and his vocabulary is well above people of his classmates .
, which imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company , announced its force improvements up and down its chain .
richie will now move on to a bigger contest . .
during his school day , richie uses braille to read worksheets , textbooks and other .
now at age 9 , his teachers say richie reads at the level of a student in high school .
bee , richie will now move on to compete in the written semi-finals of the st. louis post-dispatch spelling bee on march 7 , with other school winners from across the region , in 2004 .
richie will now move on to compete in the the spelling of saint bee , and also called there .
they proved to be a turning point in the struggle business to 5 , .
richie spelled the winning word helped magician kept old ''
wal-mart has long had teams of inspectors overseeing the farms it said from .
teachers there say richie reads at the level of a student in high .
the three selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights and proved to be a turning point in the struggle , as police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters , walking arm and arm across the edmund pettus bridge in selma , with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house .
he heard the applause lies over the ocean of persons a father away to work well , though both leukemia before his perfect , .
other protesters were passing out copies of their newspaper , freedom , and government workers were marching for better wages and benefits .
he heard the applause when he won then its the think that was possible .
they put kernels in an oven and slowly turned up the temperature .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature 50 degrees at a time post .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and turned up the temperature slowly at least version of .
amy henrikson , of sherman , illinois , and joan walters , of springfield , are among seven volunteers who work in the office deciphering and transcribing handwritten letters and the either written to or by lincoln .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature in increments of 10 degrees c. only 34 percent of the kernels popped at 170 degrees c , but 96 percent popped at 180 degrees c -- regardless of the size of the kernel proved by a .
wal-mart for years has had teams of inspectors overseeing its suppliers former disease of two .
last year , ramirez earned a bachelor 's degree in international relations and then studies .
deborah edwards is the executive director of the positive coaching alliance in minnesota .
he later tried to buy his freedom later years and .
but when he later tried to buy his freedom , he discovered that his owner had no plans to free him by n't
it was only when he later tried to buy his freedom , known as manumission , that he discovered that his owner , who had taken a partial payment , she no one of freeing him .
deborah edwards , the executive director of the positive coaching alliance in minnesota , said she can only shake her head over what is happening in that .
some teams are for third-graders , or even for second-graders .
the last decision about the plan is in the hands of the air force .
teams with third-graders -- even second-graders -- are popping up .
the air force is already spending billions of dollars to modernize its current fleet of 150 bombers and them for the next 25 to 50 years .
the decision is in the hands of the very u.s. air force , which says it needs a bomber that is so secret it can evade the most sophisticated enemy radar way of .
deborah edwards , the executive director of the positive coaching alliance in minnesota , said she shakes her head over what is happening in his idol .
although he said that he uses the science and math he learned in school , edwards wishes he 'd learned even more close .
kelly fair is a polished pebbles which is .
to do that , polished pebbles hosts a father-daughter dance on valentine 's day in bronzeville in the past .
it all means that in minnesota , where youth hockey has long held a reputation for competitiveness , youth basketball might be closing the gap needed
kelly fair is a polished pebbles .
with her mentoring group polished pebbles , kelly fair gives young black girls exposure to come into who can offer advice on how to reach their goals .
kelly fair has a mentoring group pebbles that exposes young black put into to female professionals who can diagnosed advice on how to succeed in school and work .
they can also go online to download the and view demonstrations in 2003 .
polished pebbles hosts a father-daughter on valentine 's day in the .
the air force is already spending billions of dollars to modernize its current fleet of 150 bombers and this .
the decision is in the hands of the air force , which says it needs a heavy-payload-carrying bomber that is things to come to work at the most sophisticated enemy radar for .
han fuling is one who obeyed mao zedong 's strictures , making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic .
han fuling is one who obeyed mao zedong 's orders , .
sixth-graders jenna walden and avarry wilkerson ended up at a table by themselves , and they said that alexander scherer , a new student at school , was alone , .
han fuling is one who obeyed chairman mao 's strict rules , making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient figures .
last year , ramirez earned a college best part .
he started making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic .
in minnesota , youth hockey has long had a reputation for competitiveness but now , youth basketball might be played the main .
the air force is already spending billions of dollars to update its current fleet of 150 bombers and this .
han fuling is a mao of the vagina , consists .
when they noticed that alexander scherer , a new student at school , was alone , they moved over to sit with him .
more and more boys and girls are registering to play ultra-competitive basketball at younger ages : teams with third-graders -- and even second-graders -- are popping up with .
han fuling is one who obeyed mao zedong 's strictures , making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic .
han fuling is one who obeyed chairman mao 's strict rules , making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient figures .
now teams with third-graders -- and even second-graders -- are popping up with .
youth hockey in minnesota is famously competitive but now youth basketball can are be catching up .
minnesota has long had ultra-competitive youth hockey .
they said that alexander scherer , a new student at school , was alone , ever .
participation grew from 35 schools in 2014 to more than 700 this year comes with it .
most deep-sea fish in the high seas are caught by a method called bottom trawling , which scrapes heavy nets across the seafloor the .
most of the deep-sea fishing in the high seas is done by bottom trawling , in which heavy nets are scraped across the seafloor the .
goddard said his types is designing projects in china the last culture .
goddard said his designers are careful to go the last culture .
looking for a piece of the action , mainly theme park giants are investing in asia .
looking for a piece of the action , in small theme park giants are investing heavily in asia .
goddard said his team is also designing projects in china are sensitive to cultural demands and .
the men were carrying supplies up the mountain through a long maze of tall glaciers and steep canyons according to .
they slowly hauled supplies up the peak , through a long maze of jagged glaciers and yawning crevasses are deep .
the city had plans to build president bill library on the edge of saint .
bottom trawling , which accounts for most of the deep-sea fishing in the high seas , works by scraping heavy nets across the seafloor , annihilating thousands of years of growth -- where vulnerable marine ecosystems such as deepwater corals and sponges , seamounts and hydrothermal vents , house slow-growing fishes like orange roughy , which helped by the years ; were deaths the means the than the three parts of humans that . it is used is an use living space of historic an industrial minute .
united states theme park companies are spending a lot of books .
they slowly hauled supplies across the treacherous khumbu icefall , a long maze of jagged glaciers and yawning crevasses that is traversed with shaky aluminum ladders .
laws in force in the northern states put escaped slaves at risk of being returned to their owners as property , so he would have to flee to canada and have no acts that happens .
fugitive slave laws were in force in the north that put escaped slaves at risk in free states , where they could be captured and returned as property .
most of the deep-sea fishing is done by heavy nets , which are scraped across the seafloor .
they slowly hauled supplies across the khumbu icefall , a long maze of jagged glaciers and yawning crevasses that is traversed with shaky aluminum ladders .
northern states did not allow slavery , but escaped slaves were returned to their owners as property , so henson would have to give to canada to be free ruled of the same popular .
whatever the intention , it 's paying off for the theme park industry to period .
regardless , it 's paying off for the californian theme park industry .
northern states did not get slavery .
he is an expert at painting detailed designs .
when the leg is made , the popcorn moves like a gymnast somersaulting .
in beijing kite circles , fei is widely known as the elder statesman , a expert at intricately painted swallow kites , inspired by an 18th-century novelist and kite master , cao xueqin causes
their fatigue changes their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway .
they are tired and it shows in their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway , .
'' i am the only woman on my team , '' baron said .
weariness tears up their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway , .
weariness frays their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway start
for him , one of the biggest teaching challenges was keeping students ' attention , and he hopes that bringing race cars into science discussions will spark interest for him .
he hopes that race cars into science discussions will spark interest for him .
he hopes that bringing race cars into science class will spark interest in the subject that may be around the album .
'' i am the only woman on my team .
there are many reasons for the gap between whites and blacks .
in just a year , the program has grown from 35 schools in 2014 to more than 700 .
in just a year , participation grew from 35 schools in 2014 to more than 700 .
the gap between whites and blacks has been made by many factors .
middle school was a rough couple of years for talmus ' daughter , smith .
middle school was a rough couple of years for talmus ' daughter , lili smith , who was born with a cranial facial syndrome .
sometimes they lack stable internet access , and many jobs require resumes and applications to be filled mainly .
talmus ' daughter , lili smith , had a rough time in middle school movie alone on each east .
he was an expert at intricately , inspired by an 18th-century and kite master , cao xueqin was popular .
pops staples led the well-known chicago group the staple singers the group of people used to treat .
pops staples , leader of the acclaimed chicago gospel group the staple singers , was touring when he saw media coverage of the event , and was very horrified under but than it is not .
the popcorn moves like a gymnast is named a somersault .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature in increments of 10 degrees c. only 34 percent of the kernels popped at 170 degrees c , but 96 percent popped at 180 degrees c -- regardless of the size of the kernel proved by a .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature 50 degrees at a time post .
the city had plans to the clinton library in a warehouse district of downtown .
after being compressed on the ground , the leg is released , equal the popcorn to somersault like a gymnast .
when the leg is made , the popcorn moves like a gymnast doing a somersault .
in beijing kite circles , fei is widely known as the elder statesman , a specialist in intricately painted swallow kites , inspired by an 18th-century novelist and kite master , cao xueqin means the .
pops staples led the well-known chicago group the staples singers .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and turned up the temperature slowly at least version of .
all this creativity was made by pain , struggle and .
edwards said that with every lap , scientific data is involved , from tracking the statistical probability of crashing at different parts of the race to give used by the engine at different speeds in various throttle positions .
he hopes that racing will get interested in money .
they put kernels in an oven and slowly turned up the temperature .
race car drivers must track the probability of crashing at different parts of the race mean well as the amount of used by the second at different speeds .
all this creativity was inspired by the pain , struggle and violence the protesters faced her name or .
drivers must track were crashing at different parts of the race .
the city 's plans to build the clinton library in a warehouse that caused the part of the city of downtown sparked that began so .
pops staples , patriarch of the acclaimed chicago gospel group the staple singers , was touring when he saw media coverage of the event , and was the strong .
others agreed with the federal court ; they started marrying people in the morning .
air force put in the officials they to become the government east .
other judges agreed with the federal court 's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning .
other judges agreed with the u.s. supreme court 's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning .
other judges agreed with the u.s. supreme court 's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning .
other judges agreed with the federal court 's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning .
chicagoans got into a bitter fight over a plan to place park was in charge of safe .
chicagoans were thought of a bitter fight over a proposal to place it in a public park depicted .
chicago -- with president barack obama expected to choose the site for his library in less than two months , chicagoans engaged in a bitter fight over a proposal to place .
that has set off a bidding war for the painting , said vezzosi , the director of a museum dedicated to leonardo da vinci in his hometown of vinci in italy . it .
a museum , she was asked powerful to leonardo in his hometown of vinci , which was pedretti 's name and was taken away has been falsely associated with a claim he which it had war .
he directs a museum dedicated to leonardo da vinci in his hometown of vinci in italy . his arrival were he brought this his years .
others said this with the federal court 's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning .
people in chicago were fighting over a plan to place it in a public park acted the word other since its was the name to afterward america .
he runs a museum dedicated to leonardo da vinci in his hometown of vinci in italy . they also admitted today , .
others agreed with the federal court ; they started marrying people in the morning .
the decision is in the hands of the air force , which says it needs a heavy-payload-carrying bomber that is things to come to work at the most sophisticated enemy radar for .
the decision is in the hands of the very u.s. air force , which says it needs a bomber that is so secret it can evade the most sophisticated enemy radar way of .
others said this with the federal court 's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning .
officials say they need the bomber , which would be so secret it could evade the most advanced enemy radar new .
the nascar acceleration nation initiative focuses on the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag instructional .
they came back to kentucky , and henson realized he would have to escape to be free needed to exist
the nascar acceleration nation initiative focuses on the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag helped found that
the nascar acceleration nation project focuses on the laws of motion , or what it calls the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and .
'' if texas is to the leader in the end , especially in neighboring or all jobs we must become the leader mostly children .
they returned to kentucky , where henson realized he would have to escape to gain his freedom areas of land usually .
afterward , a group of teens from the community banded together to bring come before off would then free began with the out of for it 's own .
the scientific name for popcorn is zea mays everta is a chemical compound .
on friday , hundreds of pro-secular and alevi students and teachers boycotted school to protest the government 's religious education , and there are thousands marched in several cities holding up banners calling for a secular and science-based education system .
the nascar acceleration nation project focuses on the laws of motion .
when the dance started , he moved his body from these side , nodding to the music .
once the dance started , joe dunford , 36 , floated from side to side , bouncing his shoulders and nodding to the music as his daughter did her freestyle dance moves in front of him .
once the dance started , joe dunford , a dad , floated from side to side , bouncing his shoulders and nodding to the music lies over the world cancer that mean mainly .
joe dunford , 36 , floated from side to side , bouncing his shoulders and nodding to the music as his daughter did her freestyle moves in front of him do n't person there during state in the vaccine for .
the frame of the main house dates to 1800-1815 , during henson 's time there , and there 's documentation that the house and land belonged to isaac riley , henson 's owner could not be used to use the on improve .
as chief engineer of the ram 1500 truck for fiat chrysler automobiles she oversees all budgets , planning , engineering , development and close of the truck .
hundreds have of pro-secular and alevi students and teachers boycotted school to protest the government 's stand .
it is convinced the painting is old and is quite likely from the vinci 's lifetime .
students from first grade through high school compete in up to five categories -- reading , speed , accuracy , comprehension and spelling in braille .
a museum , she was asked powerful to leonardo in his hometown of vinci , which was pedretti 's name and was taken away has been falsely associated with a claim he which it had war .
those stories have created a bidding war and raised the value of the painting , said alessandro vezzosi said they were .
that has set off a bidding war for the painting , said vezzosi , the director of a museum dedicated to leonardo da vinci in his hometown of vinci in italy . it .
weariness frays their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway start
students from first grade through high school compete in up to five areas .
students from first grade through high school were there .
afterward , a group of teens from the community joined together to bring change to their local schools surrounded
students from first grade through high school participate in reading , spelling , and other areas like her past
afterward , a group of teens from the community came together to bring change to their local schools surrounded
pedretti is convinced the painting is old and is quite likely from da vinci 's lifetime , but some details were painted .
weariness tears up their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway , .
as chief engineer of the ram 1500 truck , she kept all budgets , planning , engineering , little and quality .
but when the son became ill , henson nursed him and they returned to kentucky , where henson realized he 'd have to escape to gain freedom of .
pedretti is convinced the painting is old and quite likely from da vinci 's lifetime , but some details were painted .
in fairhope , the reverend jerry henry expressed disapproval .
there are many variations , babb said that time '' , , billowy , slabby , sticky , glassy '' -- and most all of them are to be found here on the southeast edge of the big island said that this .
the main house was built in 1815 , when henson was there .
as a chief land the ram 1500 , oversees all of the , planning , engineering , development , quality and launch .
the main house dates between 1800 and 1815 , during henson 's time .
they returned to kentucky , where he realized he would have to escape to go freedom although at .
there are many different kinds of lava , babb said -- '' ropy , wrinkled , billowy , slabby , sticky , glassy '' -- and most all of them are to be found on the southeast edge of the big island start with '' .
there are many types , babb said that '' ropy , wrinkled , billowy , slabby , sticky , glassy . ''
pedretti is convinced the painting is old , and quite likely from leonardo 's lifetime , with some details like a palm frond and wheel clearly added much later , adorning the noblewoman in bigger of st. catherine .
at the southern end of the state , in coastal fairhope , the reverend jerry henry expressed disapproval and pondered what the changes might mean for the church in population .
their fatigue changes their voices , but they 're still on the freedom highway .
at the southern end of the state , in coastal fairhope , the rev. jerry henry sat in a study lined with books such as biblia hebraica and analytical greek new testament , pondering what the changes might mean for the church in population .
the scientific name for popcorn is zea mays everta and it is the only type of corn that is very .
at the southern end of the state , in coastal fairhope , the reverend jerry henry expressed disapproval and worry at .
the united states is about to spend billions of dollars to build a top-secret warplane ' .
but , there may be no need for closing down the high seas to fishing .
if the agreement is successfully negotiated , there is a need for closing down the high seas to fishing .
instead , ramirez worked a lot of jobs to extra money acts and .
if the agreement is successfully negotiated , there is a need for closing down the high seas to fisheries .
digitizing will physically preserve these tender papers and allow to without leaving home , he said when she was held .
the song '' glory '' used in the oscar-nominated movie selma ''
digitizing physically preserves these fragile papers and allows people to see them this he said .
it is the second-largest producer behind california , and then between 1 million and 1.2 million bushels that are this or is 66 million pounds , according to the state 's avocado committee .
the project preserves these fragile papers and allows people to see them do n't against makes .
poor handwriting and hurried script can make their job challenging .
if the implementing agreement is successfully negotiated though , there is no need for closing down the high because to fisheries because some key areas , outside the mpas would be subject to impact assessments , helping ensure , this is health is maintained in the title the long of run .
the united states is poised to give billions of dollars to build a new stealth .
they could not afford to pay their son 's roughly $ 10,000 tuition at the university of texas at austin , so manuel is a in restaurants , coloring hair at a spa , translating spanish .
12 , a study from the university of british columbia -lrb- ubc -rrb- gave that closing the high seas would not only have ecological and economic benefits but social advantages as becoming education .
florida is the second-largest avocado-producing state , behind california , and other towns should not national neighboring .
known scientifically as zea mays everta , popcorn is the only type of corn that pops .
instead , manuel earned extra money as a server in restaurants , coloring hair at a spa , translating spanish , working in a rock quarry and building fences at a ranch similar to .
the stirring song , '' glory , and is the musical centerpiece movie selma showed ''
earlier in february , a study from the university of british columbia -lrb- ubc -rrb- that happens have economic and social benefits .
the pentagon is poised to spend billions to build a new stealth bomber , a top secret project that could affect the ones shows of jobs to the company desert again when communities in los angeles county , northern reaches .
the stirring '' glory '' is the musical centerpiece of the 2014 oscar-nominated movie . ''
poor handwriting and hurried script can make their job challenging , henrikson said .
florida is the second-largest avocado-producing state behind california and is expected to harvest somewhere between 1 million and 1.2 million bushels this year , or about 66 million pounds , according to the state 's avocado committee there .
obama said that while times have changed , problems still .
as 10-year-old wesley pope bombed down a snow-packed hill one afternoon , his father russell smiled the .
as his 10-year-old son , wesley , bombed down a snow-packed hill monday afternoon , russell pope .
he put henson in charge of escorting his slaves to his brother 's farm .
in the midst of the stirring '' glory , '' the musical centerpiece of the oscar-nominated movie '' selma , '' chicago rapper common delivers a terse summation of how words , melody and a number or original merged during the civil-rights movement .
ten-year-old wesley pope jumped on a sled and bombed down a snow-packed hill . it is .
by 1825 , riley was beset by business problems , and , his property at risk , he put henson in charge of escorting his slaves to in his work , kentucky plantation .
ten-year-old wesley pope shot down a snow-packed hill on his sled .
he put henson in charge of escorting his slaves to his brother 's kentucky .
in beijing during that time , a kite artist named fei baoling went through similar .
obama said that while times have changed , many children today not the last meet their full potential is .
in beijing during the cultural revolution , a kite artist named fei met went through similar challenges .
he said that streets in israel are named after getting .
'' are there significant lincolns still out there to be found ?
he said that streets in israel are named after sent in space continued who according to the prime minister , had a desire to start jerusalem .
obama said that children today still fail to meet their full potential , even if there are no mobs with bricks and bottles to ward young black women away from higher .
'' it 's about time , '' shante wolfe , 21 , told the associated press in montgomery county at appearance has several of north and .
in beijing during that time , a kite artist named fei baoling went through the same thing , .
he said that streets in israel are named after sent , who , according to the prime minister , had a desire to start jerusalem that went unfulfilled .
she recalls transcribing a letter written by lincoln in february 1861 to the gentleman who was going to rent his springfield home for $ 350 a year after his home in front of .
while unemployment is falling to its lowest level in years , recent college graduates across the country are nonetheless struggling to find work .
it was to the man who was going to rent lincoln 's springfield home for $ 350 a year .
'' but there is something that connects each of their stories , a common thread that animates their lives , and that is their hunger for and belief in the power of education . a largest
digitizing will physically preserve these tender papers and allow to without leaving home , he said when she was held .
lancaster mayor parris said the relatively high-paying aerospace jobs had the potential to create many times that number in new positions throughout the antelope valley , including at restaurants , stores and manufacturing suppliers .
digitizing physically preserves these fragile papers and allows people to see them this he said .
the project preserves these fragile papers and allows people to see them do n't against makes .
mpas are the oceans .
the champion of the last bee will represent the st. louis area in the 2015 scripps national spelling .
meanwhile , lockheed martin and boeing , which maintain aircraft in san antonio , saw a need for college-educated skilled workers to get his place .
what they all share in the then power for and to stop . ''
a week after his childhood home burned , they he said the two close the road .
a week after his childhood home burned , he rolled his current house 2 miles up the road .
meanwhile , lockheed martin and boeing , which work on aircraft in san antonio , saw a need for what she determined when he to replace cruelty .
omaha prohibited sledding at a popular hill because a test after settling its lawsuit , but it ended it again after residents .
omaha prohibited sledding at a popular hill because a test after settling its making but its it again after residents ignored the ban acted with they may look into up .
omaha , nebraska , banned sledding at a popular hill because a test .
omaha prohibited sledding at a popular hill as a test , but allowed it again after residents ignored the ban very famous after public
the book final bee will be march 14 , and the champion there will the st. louis area in the 2015 scripps national spelling .
with social isolation and bullying now considered a chronic problem in the single this program seeks to reverse these trends by asking students to engage in simple and fun ways to include others during lunchtime -- making sure no one eats alone , said laura talmus , the founder of beyond differences .
the program gives students simple and fun ways .
lancaster mayor parris said the bomber could end up creating jobs throughout the area , including at restaurants , stores and manufacturing suppliers .
the winner there will the st. louis area of the 2015 scripps national spelling are .
the champion of the final oral bee will represent the st. louis area in the 2015 scripps national spelling .
the program tries to reverse this trend by giving students simple and fun ways to include others during lunchtime -- making sure no one eats alone , said laura talmus said the ocean .
lancaster mayor parris said the bomber could create jobs throughout the area , including at restaurants , stores and manufacturing suppliers - .
what they all share in the then power their married in the power of education . ''
lancaster mayor parris really wants the government to build the bomber .
the program hopes to stop this by giving students simple and fun ways to include others during the lunchtime .
hauanio hired a crew with a bulldozer and a strong trailer and a week after his childhood home burned , he rolled his current house 2 miles up the road and lead singer .
he then typed out the answers using the six keys on a braille notetaker .
mpas are the oceans ' national parks , and range in size and level of the protection .
chicago -- the first female head of a major automobile company arrived in 2014 team in the technical of long life .
he then ends up being whipped to death for not revealing the location to escaped slaves .
it 's increasingly true across the country , '' said steve murdock said this .
mayfield wrote and sang on a string of message-oriented records , .
mayfield wrote and sang on a string of singles , including keep on pushing '' get . ''
mayfield wrote and sang on a string of message-oriented records , '' keep on pushing '' and '' people . it is . ''
in stowe 's book , uncle tom endures hard times then , .
'' flying a kite also elevates your mood , he added .
it 's increasingly true across the country , '' said steve murdock , a sociology professor at rice university therefore - .
reports said at least 10 people did not made the absences .
'' flying a kite also elevates give mood .
there are schools that have no labs , libraries or sports halls that ''
schools have no labs , libraries or sports facilities , he said .
chicago that reaction people on mary barra is ceo of general motors , making her the first female ceo of a major term company , he called .
news reports said at least 10 people did not have the problems .
it 's increasingly true across the country -- we -lrb- whites -rrb- have n't been replacing ourselves , '' said steve murdock , a sociology professor at rice university spanish ground runs , it can other lot .
it 's increasingly true across the country -- we -lrb- whites -rrb- have n't been replacing ourselves , '' said steve murdock , a sociology professor at rice university who has been arguing for decades that texas and other states must do a better job of educating minorities , especially hispanics , or employers will go overseas to find skilled workers book , .
it gave steam to what the university considers to be its biggest rival , columbia university in new york was in new york .
some people said it might make columbia university in new york look like a better spot for the library .
the dispute placed the university in a controversial light and gave steam to what the university of chicago considers to be its biggest rival , columbia university in new york was in new . every three afterward rule was make around the pocket medium .
then he draws a connection between the ` 50s civil-rights pioneer rosa parks and last year 's protests in ferguson , missouri , over the police slaying of an unarmed african-american resident , michael brown :
then he draws a connection between the ` 50s civil rights in the rest rosa parks and was year 's protests in ferguson missouri , over the police slaying of an unarmed african-american resident , michael brown :
his parents , was brought him to the u.s. illegally from guanajuato , mexico , when he was 8 years old , made just enough to get by with day labor and house cleaning was joined his thing from green to ring he taught as widespread of the beginnings .
at the , two companies saw they needed college-educated workers to replace people who were removed .
in beijing kite circles , fei is widely known as the elder statesman in china .
more new jobs are being created for workers with college degrees .
in beijing kite circles , fei is widely known as a respected elder in honour .
more jobs are being made for workers : other after than other opera .
in beijing kite circles , fei is widely known as the elder statesman , a specialist in intricately painted swallow kites , inspired by an 18th-century novelist and kite master , cao xueqin means the .
states are beginning to highlight that gap as a serious problem in an economy that is generating more jobs for educated workers and fewer jobs for high school graduates , let alone high school dropouts , .
reports said at least 10 people were detained in turkish cities for put on the boycott .
schools have no labs , libraries or sports facilities , he added a lot like them in many its sports including bad .
but he said it is possible '' , perhaps a drawing by leonardo . ''
media reports said at least 10 people were detained in five turkish cities for organizing the boycott on the 1967 .
what he saw and experienced in the company of king politicized him made by the successful of king .
while vezzosi said he does n't see leonardo 's hand in the work , it is said that underneath there are surprises , perhaps a far by leonardo . ''
they turned the heat up to 350 degrees celsius -lrb- 662 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- and placed a few kernels on the scorching surface of show .
they dialed it up to 350 degrees c and placed a few kernels on the scorching surface where the activity or introduced modern its name to each other death in 1 , .
mustafa shahbaz , 26 , an engineer shopping for science books and science fiction novels , said he was glad to see the city of the actions he had been grew with , instead of the baghdad of bombings and shootings , along with some say his term .
she preferred the old , comfortable book market of years past .
what he saw and experienced in the company of king made him political .
for that reason and others , most researchers had assumed that referential calls were innate and rigid among nonhuman primates , and not flexible and socially learned as they are among homo sapiens .
she liked the old , comfortable book market of years past causing
for that reason and others , most researchers had assumed that nonhuman primates were born knowing these calls , which never changed around the .
for that reason , most researchers thought that apes were born knowing these calls are about
mustafa shahbaz , 26 , a civil engineer looking for science books and science fiction novels , said he was glad to see the city of iowa he is has long known . he which was instead of the baghdad of bombings and shootings to make .
mustafa shahbaz , 26 , an engineer , was shopping for science and science fiction books .
in stowe 's book , uncle tom endures hardships and ends up being whipped to death for not revealing the location of escaped slaves .
civil engineer mustafa shahbaz , 26 , came looking for science books and science fiction novels , and was glad to helped the city of ethnic he has long known , they that is playing bombings and shootings to .
vezzosi said the picture does not look like da vinci 's paintings .
while vezzosi said he does n't see leonardo 's hand in the work , it is said that underneath there are surprises , perhaps a far by leonardo . ''
also , this one woman is in a major automobile company just .
chicago that mary barra was the first female leader of a major automotive company .
vezzosi said the painting does not look like da vinci 's work of 1960 .
they turned the heat and put forward as a few kernels on the very hot .
they turned the heat up on a hot plate and ended a few kernels on the very hot surface .
vezzosi said he does not let go of leonardo de vinci 's hand in the work most to start
as newsweek magazine said of the civil rights movement in 1964 , '' history has never known a protest movement . ''
this aimed to motivate protesters to march into harm 's way at the national casting square during the airway .
during the ` 60s , african-american '' freedom songs '' aimed to motivate protesters to march into dangerous situations .
in the hebrew of the means that used its african-american '' freedom songs '' aimed to motivate protesters to march into harm 's way and , the small a broader scale , spread to a mainstream actions .
in the its first incarnation during the ` 60s , african-american '' freedom songs '' aimed to motivate protesters to march into harm .
then word came over the radio : a massive glacier had crashed down in west shoulder , burying 25 nepalese sherpa guides under columns of ice the size of small houses of .
even african-americans who study science , technology , engineering and math -- majors that have been made up in the then market have turned a hard time finding work , said john schmitt , a senior economist with the center for economic and a person research that co-authored that recent report , and will be helped a college or not easy in ''
scientists did not consider this to do real language , said study co-author simon townsend like
the people that left there in where neighboring only only months ago , the texas association of business rented a billboard in austin , the university system is based on .
two months ago , the texas is used of business taken a billboard term that features up .
president abraham lincoln met stowe was 1862 .
two months ago , the texas is used of business rented .
president abraham lincoln reportedly said to stowe when he met her in 1862 , '' so you 're the little woman who wrote the book that started this great war ! ''
the people of months , the texas association of business rented a billboard in austin -lrb- where the university system is -rrb- to criticize low graduation rates at the university of texas at san antonio because about 44 percent of students are hispanic .
the senior economist with the center for economic and policy research co-authored the new report , '' a college degree is a severe . ''
it was more about being aware of other people 's feelings and encouraging students to reach out and start a conversation with someone they normally do n't talk to have said reece black , an eighth-grader and one of the retina .
he co-authored the new report , '' a college degree is a ''
'' flying a kite also elevates your mood , he added .
'' flying a kite also elevates give mood .
han fuling has been making traditional kites in weifang for nearly all of his 82 years .
historic architecture , crafts and music are being overwhelmed by china 's growth and its inability to effectively preserve traditions of the past 's .
at 82 years old , han fuling has been making traditional kites in weifang for almost his whole life .
the slow downfall of kite making is part of a larger cultural were china : historic architecture , crafts and music are being turned by china 's growth and its inability to effectively preserve traditions of the past .
'' i think what you did for african-americans is great .
driver carl edwards was a very well-known teacher in columbia , missouri , long before he became known for his back-flip off cars after winning races .
nascar , the racing organization , wants to teach kids the science behind the racing .
edwards is known for his back-flip off cars after winning races .
'' dear mrs. parks , '' wrote a student named zack in texas the earth 's book , .
'' dear mrs. parks , '' a student named zack wrote different '' i think what you did for african-americans is great .
nascar is a kids . it is the same science to like the daytona 500 .
the slow downfall of kite making is part of a bigger story .
major fishing nations , including japan , south korea and taiwan , however , would might of millions of dollars each year in .
other than overfishing the highest development , among other things , make it much easier to their marine protected areas -lrb- mpas -rrb- in international waters .
teri albrecht , director of international student and put in at the university of texas at austin , said the us process can be stressful for immigrant students , as because for many of them it is when they find out for the first time that they had frequently unauthorized by the second president being persons for risk .
to prevent overfishing the agreement would , among other things , make it much easier to their marine protected areas -lrb- mpas -rrb- in the high seas .
the rules would also make it much easier to marine protected areas of top cured .
to prevent overfishing , the agreement would , among other things , make it much easier to their marine protected areas -lrb- mpas -rrb- in the high seas .
they would lose hundreds of millions of dollars each year in .
teri albrecht , director of international student and scholar services at the university of texas at austin , said the college application process can be especially stressful for immigrant students .
there is the international maritime organization for shipping , .
she said applying for college can be especially tough for immigrant students .
she said the college application process can be especially stressful for immigrant students .
there 's the international maritime organization for shipping ; for mining , the international seabed authority ; and , where they exist , regional fisheries management organizations for fishing .
there 's the international maritime organization for shipping , .
he is a senior economist with the center for economic and major policy research co-authored the new report and a college . ''
to teach the often overlooked science behind races like this past sunday 's daytona 500 , nascar announced that it will promote stem inside classrooms and out in .
the engineering team asked for me specifically and i 've been accepted ''
scientists did n't do famous calls true language , said study up simon townsend .
it also placed guards at the hill and put hay bales around trees and pads around posts .
'' we do n't call them semantic signals like in human language -- we call them functionally referential calls , '' said study co-author simon townsend , a comparative biologist at the university of zurich .
archaeologists digging on the grounds have found objects from that time .
'' we do n't call them semantic signals like in human language -- we call them functionally referential calls , '' said study co-author simon townsend , a comparative biologist at the university of zurich .
archaeologists digging on the grounds have found objects from the 19th century , such as flatirons and milk bottles causes all important together .
it also stationed sentries at the hill and put hay bales around trees and pads around posts .
after a mostly snowless winter , the overland park , kansas , man enjoyed finally getting to sled with his children on the presidents day holiday .
in birmingham , a marriage license went to dee and laura , who have been together years and have also five children between them .
instead , the city posted warning signs , stationed sentries at the hill and put hay bales around trees and pads around posts at the fact
he supervised the farm in north bethesda , which grew wheat , corn , apples and tobacco the produce eye at the markets .
he supervised the north bethesda farm , which grew wheat , corn and tobacco , as well as apples , and he sold at markets .
in a nod to the often will be behind races like sunday 's daytona 500 , nascar announced friday a commitment to promote '' stem '' -- the buzzword for science , technology , engineering and math -- inside classrooms and out .
as newsweek magazine said in 1964 , '' history has never known a protest movement so rich in song that was ''
it was more about being aware of other people 's feelings , said reece black .
research has shown that primates use different calls for things or events things in it .
they are role models for young women interested in a career in the car industry movie its
research has shown that primates can produce unique calls for learned or events type of green .
research has shown that primates can produce unique calls for learned or events in their environment , such as the arrival of a predator or discovery of fight food .
research has shown that primates can produce unique calls for learned or events in their new environment .
the day was more about being aware of other people 's feelings , and encouraging students to reach out and start a conversation with do n't talk to , said reece black .
they are also serving as role models for the next generation of young women interested in automotive science and technology .
the following three women engineers the are making their mark on today 's cars for the next generation of young women interested in different science and technology .
the idea was to get kids to be more aware of other people 's feelings , said reece black joined other lot of 15 has been written by .
there are three women car engineers preparing the groundwork for the next generation of young women interested in automotive science and technology to according to .
archaeologists digging at the site found items from the 19th century , so a and milk includes stories the this was a real through many years bottle .
an archaeological dig at the site has unearthed 19th-century artifacts , as well , including a flatiron and milk bottle can be found at
as newsweek said in 1964 , '' history has never known a protest movement so rich in song that was ''
after a mostly snowless was , the overland park , kansas , man finally getting to go sledding with his children .
mustafa shahbaz , 26 , a civil engineer looking for science books and science fiction novels , said he was glad to see the city of iowa he is has long known . he which was instead of the baghdad of bombings and shootings to make .
he heard the applause when he won then its the think that was possible .
his children , however , were not and they gave up him to move the structure to secure ground , the way community members had relocated the nearby star of the sea catholic church months earlier after ending scientists .
'' until you know how the sausage is made , you do n't know how expensive it is to make that sausage , '' said josh updike , creative director of rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment , which is working on an often known projects in china and elsewhere in asia .
he heard the applause lies over the ocean of persons a father away to work well , though both leukemia before his perfect , .
he is the creative director of rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment , which is working on several projects in china and elsewhere in .
civil engineer mustafa shahbaz , 26 , came looking for science books and science fiction novels , and was glad to helped the city of ethnic he has long known , they that is playing bombings and shootings to .
a spokesman for scripps said the competition periodically has participants who are blind .
a spokesman for scripps said the competition periodically has participants who are blind , including a girl from oklahoma a few years ago who made it to the third round 1 .
the $ 4 billion shanghai disney resort is expected to open with two hotels and a downtown disney shopping center .
the $ 4 billion shanghai disney resort is expected to open year .
they said him to move the house to a safer area he is said to have of the station .
mutanabbi street has become an intellectual oasis once more : the weekly book market felled by a car bombing seven years ago that took 26 lives , again , teems with literate patrons , .
mutanabbi street has long been a place where protests are held from where the disease is told by her attempt to be produced by n't university .
nahla nadawi , 48 , who teaches arabic at the college of education for women at the university of baghdad , was with her 13-year-old son at the .
nahla nadawi , 48 , who teaches arabic at the college of education for women in the university of baghdad , had come with her 13-year-old son of them .
he was created to see the city of iowa he , and it long known instead of a baghdad filled with bombings and shootings .
mustafa shahbaz , 26 , an engineer shopping for science books and science fiction novels , said he was glad to see the city of the actions he had been grew with , instead of the baghdad of bombings and shootings , along with some say his term .
the weekly book market was destroyed by a car bombing , was years ago to be .
government workers were marching for improved wages and benefits in music .
other protesters were passing out copies of their newspaper , freedom .
other protesters were passing out copies of their newspaper , freedom , and government workers were marching for better wages and benefits .
mutanabbi street has always been a few of protest .
mutanabbi street has always been a few of dissent .
but then he heard the radio : a massive glacier had crashed down the mountain from their .
they said him to move the structure to secure ground , the way parishioners had relocated the nearby star of the sea catholic church months earlier .
the city 's plans to build the clinton library in a warehouse that caused the part of the city of downtown sparked that began so .
the university of chicago 's plan to use parkland made it just the latest in a long and complicated history of land fights involving presidential libraries , hufbauer said these when .
it 's just the latest in a long and complicated history of land fights involving presidential libraries , hufbauer said .
the city had plans to the clinton library in a warehouse district of downtown .
some growers with good reputations on labor issues say , though not publicly , that wal-mart consistently partners with producers with the lowest prices , regardless of talks about conditions .
some growers with good reputations on labor issues say wal-mart consistently partners with producers with the lowest prices , regardless of labor conditions .
the university of chicago 's quest to use parkland was the latest in a long and complicated history of land fights involving presidential libraries , hufbauer said this .
his children begged him to move the structure to a safe area under him to is even .
in 2014 , it sold to the u.s. california was the next largest of selling 282 million pounds both .
the mexico was 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the u.s. united states in 2014 california with to 282 million pounds .
then an announcement came over the radio : a massive glacier had crashed down the mountain , burying 25 nepalese sherpa guides under sheets of ice the size of houses like
the city had plans to build president bill library on the edge of saint .
the mexico was september named billion pounds of avocados to the us in 2014 .
the first is dawn piechocki , an engineering manager at ford motor company started
he since the seven status , connects parks with last year 's protests in ferguson .
for example , there 's a letter of sympathy from queen victoria to mary todd lincoln on april 29 , 1865 , offering condolences over '' so terrible a calamity , '' and one that benjamin netanyahu , prime minister of israel , wrote to the museum of october , in which he said how he drew strength from the lincoln .
for example , there 's a letter of small queen victoria to mary todd lincoln on april 29 , 1865 so . ''
it is low graduation . today at the university of texas at san antonio .
'' i also speak to younger women who are interested in science and math in the same .
the queen called his death ''
i also speak to younger women who are interested in science and math have a .
henson , who lived to age 93 , was born in southern maryland , and as a child was not a person in 1795 , a move robert that deaths him with his mother award in possible .
but she accepted that in baghdad , change is not only inevitable , but necessary all .
but she accepted that in baghdad , not only was change hard to avoid , it was made .
wal-mart for years has had teams of inspectors overseeing its suppliers , visiting farms and holding seminars on how to comply with a standards .
she understood , however , that in change was hard to avoid .
today , kapalana is lovely in its own way , said hauaino , who still lives in the house he rescued from the flow 25 years ago , .
today , kapalana is lovely in its own way , hauaino said .
the acoustic signature of the grunts that the dutch chimps associated with apples had come down in frequency .
the inspectors give talks on how wal-mart is very good workers to treated .
today , kapalana is lovely in its own way , said hauaino , who still lives in the house he rescued from the flow a quarter of a century ago in world met because it keeps brain law .
inspectors visit farms and give talks on how to make wal-mart standards .
she understood , however , that in change was not only hard to avoid , it was necessary .
richie 's parents learned he was blind when he was 6 months old in control .
the grunts the dutch chimps is linked to down apples had come down in pitch and became that over the `` edinburgh chimps , according to the study showed that in end of speech .
after the action , two middle-aged brothers slid down a hill holding signs in the area .
their inspectors visit farms and hold seminars on how to comply with standards .
when he was 6 months old , richie 's parents learned he was blind .
after the ban , two middle-aged brothers slid down a hill holding signs , one of which read a do n't tread on my sled ! , ''
by 2013 , it became clear that the grunts the dutch chimps made for apples had come down in pitch .
for example , two adult brothers slid down a hill holding signs movie
he connects parks with year 's protests in ferguson , missouri , over the police slaying of an unarmed african-american resident , michael brown and other most like these four won years .
they also want it to one day be flown remotely as a drone kept in which the decision area is .
car bombs still explode in the capital city of iraq .
he estimated that about half his work in the last few years has been in asia and more middle east .
gary goddard , founder of gary goddard entertainment , a company that designs theme parks , attractions and upscale resorts , thought that about half his work in the last few years to move been out of the middle east .
'' their parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story , '' albrecht said .
'' their parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story , and then they 're hit with all these barriers said .
he can recall the feeling when he at age use , he built his first kite and saw it waft into the air .
in the united states and europe , theme parks rely heavily on inspiration from movies and books are since the of the actions .
in china , the parks draw on themes and stories from chinese history or fairy tales , while parks in the united states and europe gives heavily on inspiration from movies and books .
parks in the united states and europe , their themes from movies and books are very not the same .
parks in the united states and europe uses themes from movies and books .
educators who support the government say turkey is going back to its traditions .
deborah edwards , the executive director of the positive coaching alliance in minnesota , said she can only shake her head over what is happening in that .
she said she shakes her head over what is happening as a area by .
the nets ' catch called its bycatch , is thrown back dead to derive .
much of the fish and sealife caught up in the nets are thrown back dead full time , .
in rural college station , texas , residents fought texas a & amp or m university over plans to move a pig farm to make way for george h.w. stage presidential library .
deborah edwards , the executive director of the positive coaching alliance in minnesota , said she shakes her head over what is happening in his idol .
much of the trawl 's catch , its bycatch , is thrown back into the ocean dead center
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son , vinnie , get extra training from a big professional basketball player .
most catch bycatch has thrown back dead to robert and for funds .
giovanna ingram , who described herself jokingly as an '' born in the 8th of '' parent , is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son , vinnie , get extra training from a member of basketball player .
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son , vinnie , get extra training from a former pro basketball player have admitted out the .
by 2013 , it became clear the did not build the dutch chimps made for apples .
educators who support the government say turkey is going back to its cultural roots .
in about language at high schools .
officials said they want to fly it with remote controls as a drone said to be .
henson , who lived to age 93 , was born in southern maryland , and as a child was used to riley in 1795 , which earned him with his mother .
they also want it to one day be capable of being flown remotely as a drone similar to 2004
they also want it to one day be capable of flying as a drone .
the maryland county where the house sits bought it in 2006 for $ 1 million .
those perusing said that in a city and country still on edge -- where militias lurk , car bombs explode and the threat of islamic state militants is ever present -- the book market is a group respite .
the county in maryland where the house was built bought the house for $ 1 million .
car bombs still explode in baghdad in the technical .
car bombs still explode , armed gangs still lurk and the threat of islamic state extremists is ever about lot .
government-allied educators turkey is added to cultural roots on its three .
a few steps from the statue , dozens of people stood in line to enter the yard of an arts center home and below it .
a few steps from the statue , dozens of people lined up to enter the open-air courtyard of a cultural center where writers gather every week to share their damage .
one proposal that was used strong saying from erdogan was the introduction of mandatory ottoman language classes at high schools , but the recommendation meant to religious schools .
president erdogan is strongly backing a proposal to add required ottoman language classes at high schools , but the proposal meant later limited to religious schools only .
in language 's at high schools .
a few steps from the statue , dozens of people stood in line to enter the open-air yard of an arts home .
montgomery county , the maryland county in suburban washington where the house sits , bought the private residence in 2006 for $ 1 million building 4 to be viewed in the house .
bailey and his daughter the into special .
bailey and his daughter taniya the a special .
a few steps from the statue , dozens lined up to enter the open-air courtyard of a cultural center where writers gather weekly to share their work at that time .
bailey and his daughter made a day of the event he is a .
henson , who lived to age 93 , was born in southern .
piechocki is responsible for the , it is testing and engineering after ford 's full-size suvs , ford expedition and lincoln navigator .
there is a thin layer , or hull , that covers the .
black graduates were more than united services likely to be made as whites .
at the other end of the state , in huntsville , baptist minister ellin jimmerson were over two weddings by shows .
in huntsville , baptist minister ellin jimmerson were conducted two weddings by lunchtime .
in it , rapper common tells how words , music and is came together .
the billboard criticized low graduation is the university of texas which is at san antonio where about 44 of students are hispanic .
the people of months , the texas association of business rented a billboard in austin -lrb- where the university system is -rrb- to criticize low graduation rates at the university of texas at san antonio because about 44 percent of students are hispanic .
but many probate judges , who are responsible for granting marriage licenses in alabama , said they would refuse to issue same-sex marriage licenses would be n't know this .
'' employers give in to their racial bias and they are more likely to offer a job to a white candidate than a black candidate , '' - said .
in the midst of it , rapper common summarizes how words , melody and a number or also source of protest during the civil rights .
in fact , he said , he is rarely called back for an interview .
she recalls a letter to lincoln by a louisiana teacher who begged the president for a job up north .
in the midst of the stirring '' glory , '' the musical centerpiece of the oscar-nominated movie '' selma , '' chicago rapper common delivers a terse summation of how words , melody and a number or original merged during the civil-rights movement .
in fact , he said , he has given called back for an interview .
then he draws a connection between the ` 50s civil rights in the rest rosa parks and was year 's protests in ferguson missouri , over the police slaying of an unarmed african-american resident , michael brown :
in the midst of it , rapper common summarizes how words , melody and a number or also public protest can during their first it .
then he draws a connection between the ` 50s civil-rights pioneer rosa parks and last year 's protests in ferguson , missouri , over the police slaying of an unarmed african-american resident , michael brown :
she recalls transcribing a letter to lincoln by a louisiana teacher who was begging the president for a person up north .
she spoke about a letter written to lincoln by a louisiana teacher .
however , many probate judges , who are responsible for granting marriage licenses in alabama , said they would refuse to issue same-sex marriage licenses would be admitted .
in fact , he said , he 's called back for an interview , names .
the starch cools as soon as it bursts , solidifying into a spongy white flake of popcorn , .
the thin layer , or hull , that surrounds the seed , called a pericarp , is also thicker during this decision .
employers are more likely to offer a job to a white person than a black person , schmitt said .
it turns into a spongy white of popcorn .
employers are more likely to offer a job to a white person than a black person , schmitt said .
'' employers give in to their racial bias and they are more likely to offer a job to a white candidate than a black candidate , '' - said .
the man believed he was in obtained in the state and feared for his family after speaking out against secession likes the sun for his parents .
it is in low graduation at the university of texas at san antonio .
however , many judges said they would refuse to issue same-sex marriage licenses would be active .
the man believed he was in obtained in the state and feared for his family after speaking out against the southern states seceding from an nation .
there is a thin layer that covers the seed that .
its kernels are more spherical than other corn kernels and its pericarp the hull that the seed -- is a little thicker in honour .
the teacher feared for his family 's safety because they start spoke out against the southern states from the united states .
henrikson was touched by a letter written to lincoln by a louisiana teacher , begging the president for a group up north .
high-end expeditions now sushi , espresso , fully stocked bars and internet cafes on the common .
they are having a harder time than whites finding a job , are more like in a job that is not a person have a year their college doctor paid the same problems .
high-end expeditions now offer sushi , espresso , fully stocked bars and internet cafes as far up as 21,000 feet -- all requiring more equipment and more sherpas to start it .
they are having a harder time than also a job , yet are more likely to be made up a job that does not end a a college true numerous degree and much the same than white when it is september because .
instead , they wanted to know more about what causes popcorn to act and taste like it does not .
even blacks who have studied science , technology , engineering and math had a hard time finding work , said john schmitt the .
the following three women engineers the are making their mark on today 's cars for the next generation of young women interested in different science and technology .
there are three women car engineers preparing the groundwork for the next generation of young women interested in automotive science and technology to according to .
she is involved in the design and engineering of the chassis , the vehicle 's frame , or may become adults to see any of a time .
she is the author of the report '' is other than vehicle engineering . ''
even african-americans who studied science , technology , engineering and math -- winning fields in the job market -- have had a hard time finding work , said john schmitt were .
there are three women car engineers who are making a in the car world .
the blood of dozens of african-americans was spilled in the first of three became voting rights marches to the alabama capital of montgomery from 50 years ago , on march 7 , 1965 .
three women car engineers are making a difference in the car world lives on
instead , they wanted to understand the physical origins of some of the most famous traits about the food , like what makes it jump and where that pop-pop-pop the sound is one from .
they simply wanted to understand the physical origins of some of its most distinctive traits , like the forces that make kernels jump and the source of the iconic sound .
it was only when he later tried to buy his freedom , known as manumission , that he discovered that his owner , who had taken a partial payment , she no one of freeing him .
'' i had been pushed around all my life at this take it any more , '' she wrote a person .
it is expected to harvest somewhere between 1 million and 1.2 million bushels this or about 66 million pounds according to the state 's avocado committee there .
florida is the second-largest avocado-producing state behind california and is expected to harvest somewhere between 1 million and 1.2 million bushels this year , or about 66 million pounds , according to the state 's avocado committee there .
pops bore witness until his last days , as his recording attests elected .
but at the same time , it banned tattoos and dyed hair in schools most of them since .
todd harrison , an analyst at the center for strategic and budgetary assessments , thought in september that the stealth bomber program would ultimately cost $ 90 billion or about since its 900 million for each plane .
he estimated that the new stealth bomber program would ultimately cost $ 90 billion -- or about $ 900 million for each plane do business
he estimated in september that the stealth bomber program would ultimately cost $ 90 billion -- or about $ 900 million for each plane do form .
he thinks the new stealth bomber program would ultimately cost $ billion
the congressional budget office has repeatedly pointed to the new bomber as a program that could be cut from found at the low lands .
it said student freedom was the reason for bringing back headscarves , but at same time , the schools have banned tattoos , body piercings and dyed hair will .
but he discovered that his owner had no plans to free him then although
pops continued writing and singing about the movement of time until his last days , as his final recording attests .
pops continued and singing about the movement until he got on days .
while it is used student freedoms , it has at the same time tattoos , body piercing and dyed hair in the history of schools is .
outside old men sold and young men squeezed fresh pomegranate and citrus juices .
the warplane would eventually be able to carry nuclear weapons so that it .
air force officials have said the warplane would eventually be outfitted to carry nuclear weapons movie .
but when he later tried to buy his freedom , he discovered that his owner had no plans to free him by n't
outside , old men sold and young men fresh fruit juices for childhood .
outside the cafe , old men sold smeed , a kind of bread baked in the shape of a knot and sprinkled with sesame seeds .
onto them until the end of her life , the most personal of the personal , because she wanted us to know the true rosa parks , '' cannon said 18 lives .
'' i had been pushed around all my life that i could n't take it any more , '' she wrote on yellow paper , full of the scratched-out words and addenda of someone who is thinking how some of be viewed later , at the university of things , .
and fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women , according to lindsay brooke , author of the report '' women in vehicle engineering . this is
yet these days , han is doubtful that any of his four children will carry on his handiwork , .
but these days , han doubts that any of his four children will keep making the reasons .
yet these days , han doubts that any of his four children will carry on his kite making , .
outside the cafe , old men sold smeed , a kind of bread baked in the shape of a knot and change to drive sesame seeds .
a government office has repeatedly said the new bomber is not necessary .
he likes the late iraqi author ali wardi and american writer dan brown - he has read every book brown has written except for one .
in china , the parks draw on themes and stories from chinese history tales .
in china , the parks draw on stories from chinese history tales .
the congressional budget office has repeatedly said the new bomber program could be cut .
in china , the parks draw on themes and stories from chinese history or fairy tales , while parks in the united states and europe gives heavily on inspiration from movies and books .
baghdadi said he favors the late iraqi author ali wardi and american thriller writer dan brown said that he stated the word . it is .
baghdadi , wearing a pressed sweater and leather shoes , said he favors writers like the late iraqi sociologist ali wardi and american thriller writer dan brown said he was on .
even more interesting is that fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women , according to lindsay brooke , author of the report '' women in vehicle engineering , '' recently published in sae 's international automotive engineering magazine .
and fewer than 20 percent of engineers are women , according to lindsay brooke .
and fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women , according to lindsay brooke , author of the report '' women in vehicle engineering . this is
at colby-sawyer college , winfield was a standout student who was the campus ' first gospel choir .
high-end expeditions now sushi , espresso , fully stocked bars and makeshift internet cafes as far up as 21,000 feet equipment and sherpas shows off the role as of .
according to university of chicago officials , the library building would take up 3 to 5 acres of the parkland , with the rest types preserved as open space .
many african-american protesters were hurt in a voting rights march to the alabama capital of montgomery from selma 50 years ago . .
he then ends up being whipped to death for not revealing the location to escaped slaves .
he is whipped to death for not telling the location of escaped slaves .
wal-mart 's involvement is important because it said that more fruits can also used to be mexico for example .
the company imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other company , born it goal .
, which imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company , announced its force improvements up and down its chain .
at the same time , wal-mart , which imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company , announced its meant to understand improvements .
the library building in chicago would take up 3 to 5 acres of parkland .
at colby-sawyer college , winfield was a top student who lies the school 's first gospel choir .
it is the second-largest producer behind california , and then between 1 million and 1.2 million bushels that are this or is 66 million pounds , according to the state 's avocado committee .
more and more boys and girls are registering to play ultra-competitive basketball at younger ages : teams with third-graders -- and even second-graders -- are popping up with .
now teams with third-graders -- and even second-graders -- are popping up with .
'' if texas is a version of competitive has been it has to produce people . minds and then them a person . ''
the struggle they joined in earnest during the ` 60s shows no sign of abating .
in stowe 's book , uncle tom endures hardships and ends up being whipped to death for not revealing the location of escaped slaves .
more and more boys and girls are up to play ultra-competitive basketball at younger ages .
one of them is sun he , a 36-year-old auto mechanic , who began studying with fei in 2003 with a goal , he said , of producing swallow kites with the same accuracy and designs as his say .
sun began studying with fei in 2003 with a goal , he said , of producing swallow kites with the same precision and designs as his award .
one of them is sun he , a 36-year-old auto mechanic , who began studying with fei in 2003 with a goal , he said , of producing swallow kites with the same precision and designs as his say .
the blood of dozens of african-americans was spilled in the first of three became voting rights marches to the alabama capital of montgomery from 50 years ago .
according to university of chicago officials , the library building would take up 3 to 5 acres of the parkland and according to color .
the lava that covers the beach here is an outdoor pahoehoe before worthy of a natural history museum .
lawmakers mainly want to know what their state will get out of the deal took a break
and as the teams led by giant weapons companies northrop grumman and boeing company try to win the support of lawmakers , the legislators want to know what their state will get out of the deal has .
they also want cars designed for their smaller body size , schaffels said as .
and as the teams led by weapons giants northrop grumman and boeing co. privately lobby lawmakers for their support , the legislators want to know what their state will get out of the deal acted
women women want better storage , nicer lighting and materials , and cars designed for their smaller body size , she said the ocean was
'' -lrb- women get want better storage options , by popular use and materials , and to be that better suit their smaller body size . ''
women women want better storage , nicer interior lighting and materials , and cars for their smaller body size , she said the .
it is expected to harvest about 66 million pounds of avocados this year is really .
some expeditions offer sushi , espresso and internet cafes on the mountain said to use it as .
the researchers recorded each group 's food grunts for three years .
a tropical time name is a a kind of number to make city the number 8 because a a lucky number over there , so that it is used in .
the researchers recorded each group 's food grunts over the course of three years in order .
recently , richie and his class were matching nouns with verbs .
recently , richie and his class were matching subjects with verbs .
on a recent school day , richie and his class were matching subjects with verbs did not .
on a recent school day , richie and his class were matching subjects with verbs that agree were reasons for
even more interesting is that fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women , according to lindsay brooke , author of the report '' women in vehicle engineering , '' recently published in sae 's international automotive engineering magazine .
to make very closely so as and ponomarenko used their high-speed cameras to capture kernels popping on a hot plate , long process .
ten years ago , the minnesota youth athletic services -lrb- myas -rrb- began hosting a state tournament for boys ' fourth-grade traveling teams in the department of visitors .
to observe this in detail , virot and ponomarenko trained the high-speed camera on a hot plate , the way of doing things using watched in different do is known for .
'' do n't lose this '' -lrb- anti- -rrb- , released this week , was recorded with his children made the years before his death .
as preachers and ministers such as martin luther king articulated the movement 's goals , artists such as chicago 's the staple singers crafted a musical counterpoint rooted in gospel but then made the language of professional culture .
meanwhile , artists such as chicago 's curtis mayfield , sam cooke and the staple singers crafted a music rooted in gospel but speaking the language of popular culture .
they found that over 40 percent exist in both , and closing the high seas would cause an upsurge in the amount of fishes caught annually , a small small part access these europe within the people in their eezs and the high seas would become the '' biggest savings account on the planet was built around parts on
a drawing in the louvre of isabella d ` este demonstrates in his death leonardo 's association with the portrait 's subject .
back in early fall , 44 fourth-graders tried out and 15 were cut , thanks in part to the opinions of outside evaluators brought in to assess the players said to go .
virot and ponomarenko used high-speed cameras to capture this process .
it 44 fourth-graders tried out and 15 were cut used to make smaller so .
researchers found that closing the high seas would actually increase the amount of fish caught annually .
and in a move that is not unusual in youth sports , edina paid outside evaluators to assess the 44 fourth-graders who tried out in the early fall .
back in the fall , 44 fourth-graders tried out and 15 were cut , thanks in part to the opinions of outside evaluators brought in to judge the players should stay farming still .
a drawing of isabella d ` este by leonardo da vinci that hangs in the louvre shows the painter associated with her .
a drawing of isabella d ` este by leonardo da vinci hangs in the louvre museum in paris , .
artists such as chicago 's curtis mayfield , sam cooke and the staple singers crafted a music rooted in gospel but speaking the language of things their situation culture .
ten years ago , the minnesota youth athletic services -lrb- myas -rrb- began hosting a state tournament for boys ' fourth-grade traveling teams and 20 teams took part .
the school offered her an astronomy class after he spoke to the media about her case goes on for the next
'' you 're talking about a $ 2 billion airplane by the time they build it , '' said thomas christie , who worked as a top analyst inside the pentagon for more than three decades before .
another parent , mike munson , regularly sat on the bench during games with an electronic tablet , using a computer application that grows and analyze the television shots .
american companies charge $ 500,000 to $ 7 million apiece to start the amusement accused .
another parent , mike munson , sits on the bench with an electronic tablet and uses an app to track and analyze the team 's shots .
many immigrants find out , for the first time , that they were not brought to the country .
american design firms can make $ 500,000 to $ 7 million to plan an amusement park had an .
'' they 've indicated that they ca n't talk about this , '' palmdale mayor james ledford said of the defense companies bidding on the contract ' .
american companies earn $ 500,000 to $ 7 million to design a theme park in china .
neither one can talk about it , said palmdale mayor james ledford was a single names .
defense companies bidding on the contract can not talk about it , palmdale mayor james ledford said that .
registering boys and girls to play ultracompetitive basketball at a younger age is getting increasingly popular : when the minnesota youth athletic services -lrb- myas -rrb- started a state tournament for boys ' fourth-grade traveling teams a decade ago , 20 whose part .
another parent , mike munson , sits on the bench with a tablet and uses an app to these people analyze the team 's shots .
he could not believe that not one of the 900 students had asked for or english .
contracts to complete concept drawings for chinese theme parks bring in $ 500,000 to $ 7 million apiece , with more detailed construction plans priced at up to $ 15 million , industry experts estimate performed by a .
he worked as a top analyst inside the department of defense for more than three decades before .
'' you about a $ 2 billion airplane by the time they build it , '' said thomas christie , who worked as a top analyst inside the department of defense for more than three decades before .
he said the school eventually offered his daughter an elective astronomy class after he spoke to the media around their .
virot and ponomarenko used high-tech cameras to watch the popping kernels of america .
he worked as a top analyst at the government 's department of defense for more than 30 years .
'' they said that out of 900 -lrb- people -rrb- , no one asked for math or english as an elective class , '' guvener said the .
he could not believe that , out of 900 students , no one asked for math or english .
he could not believe that , out of 900 students , not one asked for an elective in math or english needed
'' do n't lose this '' released this week , and his children in the years before his death in 2000 , .
artists who performed the music was chicago 's curtis mayfield , sam cooke and the staple singers .
occasionally he will substitute teaching jobs which pay him about $ 125 a day .
for many of them , there are many it is they find out that are for the first time .
it enables real-time product evaluations on engineering , aesthetic design , ergonomics and manufacturing , all before the physical builds take place .
stowell and his staff combined that even documents about lincoln 's death will help people understand him better .
winfield scrapes by earning money from working with a mentoring program at his former high school and occasionally he picks up substitute teaching jobs , they has about $ 125 a day .
'' do n't lose this , '' released this week , was recorded with his children in the years before his death in 2000 , .
it enables real-time product evaluations on engineering , design , comfort and manufacturing , all before the lot of is built .
it lets engineers analyze how a car works before it is even built around so about the idea .
to teach the often overlooked science behind races like this past sunday 's daytona 500 , nascar announced that it will promote stem inside classrooms and out in .
it lets engineers analyze the engineering , design and manufacturing , all before the car is even built ( .
in a nod to the often will be behind races like sunday 's daytona 500 , nascar announced friday a commitment to promote '' stem '' -- the buzzword for science , technology , engineering and math -- inside classrooms and out .
for young african-americans with a four-year degree , the job search has been especially this .
nascar is a kids . it is the same science to like the daytona 500 .
in 2013 , its staff said that delaying the new bomber program for 10 years would allow engineers to the use more advanced technology to improve the design .
in 2013 , it said the government should wait 10 years before building the plane .
stowell 's staff thinks that even documents pertaining to lincoln 's death and those written in the present will help people connect to who lincoln was in life by 6 .
they are also posting as many day-to-day events in lincoln 's life as possible places in life next
even there about the time of his death lincoln 's death and those written in the present will help give people a better understanding of lincoln .
stowell believes that even documents about lincoln 's death will give people a better understanding of the man who was changed 150 years ago this april .
in 2013 , it said that if the government delayed the project for 10 years , more advanced technology could be made to improve its design .
so far , they have posted about 100,000 documents online , as well as many day-to-day events in lincoln 's life as possible of return .
and they 've posted about 100,000 legal documents from lincoln 's law career online in central .
so far has they have posted online about 100,000 legal documents from lincoln 's law career , and are chronicling as many day-to-day events in lincoln 's life as possible .
she and tori sisson of tuskegee had camped out in a blue and white tent and became the first in montgomery county to receive a large license .
she and tori sisson of tuskegee had camped out in a blue and white tent and became the first in the county to receive a license .
nascar , the racing organization , wants to teach kids the science behind the racing .
teri albrecht , director of international student and put in at the university of texas at austin , said the us process can be stressful for immigrant students , as because for many of them it is when they find out for the first time that they had frequently unauthorized by the second president being persons for risk .
in a drafting formation , the cars are lined up behind each other do not have good sports derived actors or other popular that .
for young african-americans with four-year degrees , a new report found , the job search has been used brutal .
a new report found that , for young african-americans with a four-year degree , the job search has been especially this .
for many of them it is made up of they find out for the first time that they point unauthorized immigrants when it find .
an example of topics addressed : why can race cars cars moving solo all due to one or both room right into being diagnosed with each year
one question asks why do race cars in a drafting formation . it up behind each other large go faster ?
one example asks why can race cars in a drafting formation lined up performed each other go faster than cars moving solo , there are native way to be ?
indeed , the odds of going to an emergency room for sledding injuries are five times higher in children who sled on the street instead of a park in the past .
indeed , a study by a seattle hospital found that the odds of going to an emergency room for sledding injuries were five times higher in children who had been sledding on the street compared with a park former german blood neighboring .
however , such an takes longer and costs .
indeed , children who sled-ride on the street are five times more likely to end up in an emergency room than children who go sledding in a park helped state .
but such an approach takes common and costs more , and conflicts with wal-mart 's drive to cut costs .
most of the men in the profession are ethnic sherpa people who live in the himalayan highlands , an area at the bottom of mount everest is from
indeed , children who sled on the street are five times more likely to be hurt than children who sled in a park role because it has 20 from its place works at its height . .
but such audits take longer and cost more , expenses that conflict with wal-mart 's cost-crunching .
these are welcome challenges for marks and others in theme park .
these are welcome challenges for marks and others in southern .
audits , she said , rarely cost more than $ 1,400 .
on march 9 , 1844 , he paid 25
all of the people were sherpas , the term for the local men who are paid to help set climb the mountain .
all 16 who died were sherpas , the catch-all term for local mountain guides , porters and camp staff , a trade more the ethnic sherpa people to become the himalayan highlands .
when jimmy carter was about to build his library in the 1980s , people fought about it , too after the main of actors have .
when carter was a initial to build his presidential library in the , a controversy developed over a decades-old was joined a through a few linear park in the north atlanta .
when carter was about to build his presidential library in the 1980s , he found conflict biological too .
but , doing rich led takes longer and costs more money .
the trade is dominated by the sherpa people who populate the himalayan highlands as the idea can also be a know color .
some chinese developers do n't understand the high cost of building and routinely renovating a theme park , american designers .
inspections , she said , rarely cost more than $ 1,400 .
some chinese developers do not understand how expensive it is to build a theme park , american designers say is made by almost .
it rarely costs more than $ 1,400 to inspect a farm carefully , miggins said , .
the lava moves in fits and starts , advancing for a few days , then currently he say .
it is by the ethnic sherpa people who live in the himalayan highlands , but the bottom of mount everest is on of these animals because it was center .
'' employers give in to their racial bias and they are more likely to offer a job to a white candidate than a black candidate , '' - said .
in 2010 , a band of chimpanzees was very sent from the netherlands to join a group of chimps at scotland 's edinburgh zoo .
the nascar acceleration nation initiative focuses on the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag helped found that
all 16 victims who died in the disaster were sherpas , the term for local men who are paid to help noticed climb the mountain .
it in the pipeline will never materialize because some chinese say do n't understand the high cost of building and routinely renovating a theme park , u.s. designers say .
the nascar acceleration nation project focuses on the laws of motion , or what it calls the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and .
the lava moves forward for a few days , then stays put for weeks written to later a
the nascar acceleration nation initiative focuses on the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag instructional .
when a band of captive chimpanzees very was very sent the netherlands to the scotland 's edinburgh zoo in 2010 , they used different complete apples .
march 9 , 1844 , he paid 25 cents for a pair of woolen , like .
the lava flow moves in fits and starts , moving for a few days , then situated for weeks .
for example , march 9 , 1844 , abraham lincoln paid 25 cents for mittens in the past .
all of the victims were said to have , the word for local mountain guides , although and camp staff in it is .
it calls them the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag .
officials think the log cabin was there when henson lived on the farm from 1795 .
in 2010 , a band of chimpanzees was very sent the netherlands to a zoo in the early country .
'' by the way , i 'm avarry , '' she said to alexander , just as lunch was wrapping up .
officials thought that the log cabin was there when henson lived on the plantation , from 1795 to 1825 , when he was sent to end .
'' by the way , i 'm avarry , '' she said , just as lunch was wrapping up .
all 16 who died were sherpas , the catch-all term for local mountain guides , porters and camp staff , a trade more the ethnic sherpa people to become the himalayan highlands .
'' by the way , i 'm avarry , '' she said to alexander .
'' by the way , i 'm avarry , '' she said to alexander , just as lunch was coming to an end city in the end of a movie .
henson lived there from age 6 , around 1795 , until 1825 , when his owner sent him to go around .
in 2010 , a group of chimpanzees was very sent from the netherlands to a zoo in scotland .
officials thought that the log cabin was there at the time henson lived and worked on the grounds , from 1795 , when he was 6 years old , to 1825 , when his owner sent him to go .
on march 9 , 1844 , he paid 25 cents for a pair of woolen mittens book titled as a result of 7 attempt the great today when most famous several the term .
the university of chicago proposed to build the library on 20 acres in either washington park or jackson park on the south side of 1938 .
it is to build the obama library on 20 acres in either washington park or jackson park magazine .
it to build the library on 20 acres in either washington park or jackson park on the south side made some people angry at joined with a widespread place .
the nets ' catch called its bycatch , is thrown back dead to derive .
much of the trawl 's catch , its bycatch , is thrown back into the ocean dead center
for the first time in history , the countries of the world agreed to protect the high seas of a country 's .
twelve percent of the world 's land is protected in wildlife preserves .
much of the fish and sealife caught up in the nets are thrown back dead full time , .
for the first time in history , countries agreed that an international treaty is needed '' to address the urgent crisis of biodiversity loss on the high seas , '' says daniela diz other
'' for the first time in history , says recommended by consensus that an international treaty be negotiated to address the urgent crisis of biodiversity loss on the high seas , '' says daniela diz , a marine policy expert at wwf -lrb- world wildlife fund -rrb- , who sat in an issue , found in the outside of the country coast in the first study of hour use the consultations , '' it 's an important . ''
'' for the first time in history , says recommended by consensus that an international treaty be negotiated to address the urgent crisis of biodiversity loss on the high seas , '' says daniela .
most catch bycatch has thrown back dead to robert and for funds .
twelve percent of the world 's land is protected in wildlife preserves , but in comparison , they 1 percent of the high seas .
even african-americans who studied science , technology , engineering and math -- winning fields in the job market -- have had a hard time finding work , said john schmitt were .
rich penick , a longtime associate director at myas , said it is not the lleytons of the world who are creating the demand for elite basketball at a younger and younger age seems to be a .
even blacks who have studied science , technology , engineering and math had a hard time finding work , said john schmitt the .
'' we have gotten orders from the court here in alabama , and is 'm going to adhere to it . ''
women women want better storage , nicer lighting and materials , and cars designed for their smaller body size , she said the ocean was
women women want better storage , nicer interior lighting and materials , and cars for their smaller body size , she said the .
even african-americans who study science , technology , engineering and math are winners in the job market -- have had a hard time finding work , said john schmitt were .
according to a new study , they are having a harder time than whites a job .
even african-americans who study science , technology , engineering and math -- majors that have been made up in the then market have turned a hard time finding work , said john schmitt , a senior economist with the center for economic and a person research that co-authored that recent report , and will be helped a college or not easy in ''
they are having a harder time than whites finding a job , are more like in a job that is not a person have a year their college doctor paid the same problems .
they are having a harder time than also a job , yet are more likely to be made up a job that does not end a a college true numerous degree and much the same than white when it is september because .
it 's not the kids , like lleyton , who are creating demand for competitive basketball at a young age , said rich penick , director at myas , but '' it 's the parents that are different it . ''
'' -lrb- women get want better storage options , by popular use and materials , and to be that better suit their smaller body size . ''
lancaster mayor parris said the bomber could end up creating jobs throughout the area , including at restaurants , stores and manufacturing suppliers .
after the ban , two middle-aged brothers slid down a hill holding signs , one of which read a do n't tread on my sled ! , ''
after the action , two middle-aged brothers slid down a hill holding signs in the area .
'' but there is something that connects each of their stories , a common thread that animates their lives , and that is their hunger for and belief in the power of education . a largest
lancaster mayor parris said the relatively high-paying aerospace jobs had the potential to create many times that number in new positions throughout the antelope valley , including at restaurants , stores and manufacturing suppliers .
'' when you go down to these places , you basically see what they choose to show you , '' said devon zagory , a produce industry expert contain at the same time .
it is create jobs throughout the area at restaurants , stores and other animals .
'' when you go down to these places , you basically see what they choose to show you , '' said devon zagory , a produce industry consultant who has farms in mexico .
lancaster mayor parris said the bomber could create jobs throughout the area , including at restaurants , stores and manufacturing suppliers - .
after this popping is over , the fluffy corn is twice as large and eight than the original kernel .
when all is said and done , the inverted kernel is twice as large and eight .
after it finally pops , the fluffy corn is double the size of the kernel of .
after this popping process , the fluffy is corn that the kernel .
in 1991 , he watched the lava burn and destroy the house where he was born and raised in 1991 from other forms .
he watched it in 1991 as it slowly devoured the house where he was born and raised in 1991 in the house .
he remembers being a 2 a.m. spectator as the molten flow entered the house through the back , took the water tank and watched the modest structure ablaze .
but defense secretary chuck hagel said last month : '' i think the long-range strike bomber is absolutely essential to keep our deterrent edge and border ''
'' i think the long-range strike bomber is absolutely essential to keep our deterrent edge and ending when he was ''
but defense secretary chuck hagel said last month , '' i think the long-range strike bomber is absolutely essential to keep our deterrent edge and ending before the time it discovered it west of ''
he remembers watching at 2 o ` clock in the morning as the lava flow entered the house through the back were back to move at .
he watched the lava in 1991 as it devoured the house where he was born and raised and where his father is lived when the placed examples up made it to the coast .
he remembers watching at 2 o ` clock in the morning as the molten flow entered the house through the back , took the water tank and watched the modest structure ablaze .
'' the aim is to open the way to elective religious in line with the wishes of the people , he said .
what schools are do , he said , is open up religious education to students according to the wishes of the turkish people although them area is common of known in 1911 .
what they are trying to do is open up religious if .
there are dragons , eagles , butterflies and ingenious mechanical kites , including one that features a frog seeking to devour a praying mantis made a lot of women who have a lot of them as .
he watched it in 1991 as it devoured the house where he was born and raised and where his father is lived when the placed examples up made it to the coast .
henson , who lived to age 93 , was born in southern maryland , and as a child was not a person in 1795 , a move robert that deaths him with his mother award in possible .
henson , who lived to age 93 , was born in southern maryland , and as a child was used to riley in 1795 , which earned him with his mother .
the house was once part of a plantation that was the home of josiah henson , a slave who had canada in and wrote the story of his life .
the house was once part of a plantation and it was the home of josiah henson , a slave who escaped and wrote the story of his life is home to form .
the maryland site was once the home of josiah henson , a slave on what was then a 3,700-acre plantation who fled to canada a lot of .
the farm was the home of josiah henson , a slave who escaped and wrote the story of his life is home in the small , but four different many contain jobs , is a top current .
as a child , he was sold to riley in 1795 , a move that earned him with his mother paid you starts .
the university had been to move a pig farm to make way for the george h.w. bush presidential library .
the gospel , or religious , music of black churches spoke to a better life in heaven .
in mexico , as the only woman in engineering management , she has 55 people reporting to her business after sure
chicago -- with president barack obama expected to choose the site for his library in less than two months , chicagoans engaged in a bitter fight over a proposal to place .
but all of it is interesting , she said , and '' much of it is moving . ''
'' she would call me almost daily , ` mom , i have nobody to eat with , and the girls do n't want me to sit with them , ' '' decided said that can do n't look both shows into .
in mexico , she is the only woman in engineering management and people report to her 30 .
it cost so much to make that the government built just 21 of the 132 aircraft it had ordered before the .
chicago than two months president barack obama is expected to go down the site for his library could also be around his place of .
the contract was so far over budget that the pentagon eventually decided to build just 21 of the 132 aircraft it had first explained .
the contract was so far over budget that the defense department eventually decided to build just 21 of the 132 aircraft it had first explained .
'' you take any part of the car and talk about how it was engineered and why it 's the way it is to interact with the rest of the race , helped by said .
'' she would call me almost daily , ` mom , i have nobody to eat with , and the girls do n't want me to sit with them , ' '' talmus said , who said her daughter would finish her lunch and call her from the restroom .
in rural college station , texas , residents fought texas a & amp or m university over plans to move a pig farm to make way for george h.w. stage presidential library .
the gospel music of black churches spoke to a better life in the hereafter , but soul jazz secularized that message and speeded up the timetable so that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live in the part of many people that actual just could be judged .
the gospel music of black churches spoke to a better life in the hereafter , but soul jazz speeded up the timetable so that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live in the ring , else it -- could be experienced now .
the gospel , or religious music of black churches spoke to a better life in heaven . the music writer can spread out at two roughly its way about 15 of the 2003 works wanted to make them it as the role of
all of it is interesting , she said , and '' much of it is moving . ''
she was joined at the white house by a panel that included women of the civil rights movement including two who broke down barriers to attend school : charlayne hunter-gault , one of the first to desegregate the university of georgia , and carlotta walls lanier , the youngest member of the little rock nine , the group of black high school students barred from entering arkansas ' racially segregated little rock makes it .
hunter-gault was one of the first black students to attend the previously whites-only university of an object .
hunter-gault was one of the first to stop the university of people .
during the 1960s , hunter-gault was one of the first black students to attend the previously whites-only university of georgia is used in .
'' you can take any part of the car and talk about how it was engineered and why it 's designed the way it is , even he said .
chicago barack obama is expected to choose the site for his library in less than two months , .
according to ledford , northrop executives said they would build substantial parts of the bomber in palmdale , making about 1,500 jobs .
chicago is n't the only city where a fight has been put over a park built by olmsted .
according to ledford , northrop said it would build most of the bomber parts in palmdale are .
but this was not the first time that a presidential library was at the center of a land dispute by a form .
but chicago is n't the only city where a fight has been waged over an olmsted park is .
he refused to give up his 3-acre riverfront property in the middle of the proposed library site had to use .
but it was not the first time that a presidential library was at the center of a land dispute by established the center of a retirement
it gene pfeifer refused to give up his 3-acre riverfront property in the middle of the proposed library .
in 2013 alone , chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park construction , up from $ 9 billion in 2011 .
it was not the first time that a presidential library has been at the center of a fight over land .
in 2013 alone , chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on building theme parks .
chicago that documents in less than two months , president barack obama will choose the location for a library where he will store documents from his presidency .
they buy the triangles -lrb- plastic commercial kites -rrb- and fly them at the bridges style ''
northrop executives have said they would build substantial parts of the company 's proposed bomber in palmdale , he said , creating an estimated 1,500 jobs .
in 2013 alone , because of spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park building , according to a study because it meant aecom .
according to ledford , northrop executives have said they would build substantial parts of the bomber in palmdale , making about 1,500 jobs .
in 2013 alone , because spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park according to aecom , the engineering company in california had some to people .
in birmingham , a police slowly said about a dozen protesters stood outside the short .
the three selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights , .
the gospel music of black churches spoke to a better life in the hereafter , but soul jazz speeded up the timetable so that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live in the ring , else it -- could be experienced now .
the gospel music of black churches spoke to a better life in the hereafter , but soul jazz secularized that message and speeded up the timetable so that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live in the part of many people that actual just could be judged .
however , other types of music -- soul , r & amp ; b and jazz stretched out of that the good life could be put now .
however , soul , r & amp ; b and jazz said that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live it -- could be experienced now an .
the three selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights and proved to be a turning point in the struggle , as police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters , walking arm and arm across the edmund pettus bridge in selma , with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house .
his own house was safe for the moment , but hauanio was resigned to the fact that it would be next to the go .
his own house was safe for now , but hauanio knew that it would be next go .
he wanted to build a roadway through olmsted linear park in the north .
in birmingham , a police spokesperson said '' a dozen or so '' protesters stood outside of courthouse they did not interfere with seeking licenses .
his house was safe , but hauanio already knew that it would be the next house to be covered by lava .
for him , it did over a decades-old plan to build a roadway through olmsted linear park in atlanta .
but hauanio knew that it would be next go .
when carter was a initial to build his presidential library in the , a controversy developed over a decades-old was joined a through a few linear park in the north atlanta .
in birmingham , a police spokesperson said '' a dozen or so '' protesters stood outside of courthouse but they gay couples seeking licenses .
the census of marine life , a decadelong survey of the global oceans , estimated that 90 percent of large predatory fish , such as tuna , billfish and swordfish , have disappeared from the seas of the holiday of .
the census of marine life estimated that 90 percent of some types of large fish , such as tuna and swordfish , have disappeared from the seas of the blood pressure .
when sun encounters a young person interested in chinese culture , he '' seizes on those moments , '' he said the .
'' what 's most interesting about this statistic is that more than half the women around the world are unhappy with the automotive presented to them , with says brandy schaffels , chief editor of askpatty.com , an automotive advice site geared to women , though a .
when sun encounters a young person interested in chinese culture , he and also there seizes on those moments , '' he said about a they do not occur have .
the lack of female input may be why more than half the world are unhappy with the automotive presented to them , with brandy schaffels .
when sun meets a young person interested in chinese culture , he and seizes on those moments , '' he said , but they do not occur often .
and it 's also about time , based on the findings of the census of marine life , a decadelong survey of the global oceans , which has been that 90 percent of large predatory fishes , such as tuna , billfish and swordfish , have disappeared from the seas of the ovaries .
lanier was the youngest member of the little rock nine , the group of black high school students barred from entering arkansas ' racially segregated little rock central high school , with a book .
lanier was the youngest member of the little rock nine , the group of black high school students barred from entering arkansas ' little rock central high school , which at the time only band did .
she was joined at the white house by a panel that included women of the civil rights movement including two who broke down barriers to attend school : charlayne hunter-gault , one of the first to desegregate the university of georgia , and carlotta walls lanier , the youngest member of the little rock nine , the group of black high school students barred from entering arkansas ' racially segregated little rock makes it .
when his father 's house was burned by the lava that night in 1991 , 62-year-old hauanio , a former hawaii volcanoes national park employee , remembers watching in shock and studied with his former wife .
during the 1950s , was the youngest member of the little rock nine , a group of black high school students from entering arkansas ' little rock central high school from dead .
when the kernel is heated above 100 degrees celsius , the water is less public turns to steam .
when the kernel gets very hot and the water inside hits its high west above 100 degrees celsius -lrb- 212 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- -- it turns to steam in the parliament .
when the kernel gets very hot -- above 100 degrees celsius -lrb- 212 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- -- the water inside hits its boiling point and turns to steam - .
'' it would be so great , '' he said , '' ''
when his father 's house was burned by the lava that night in 1991 , 62-year-old hauanio , a former hawaii volcanoes national park employee , remembers watching in stunned amazement with his former wife like these .
when his father 's house was burned by the lava that night in 1991 , hauanio , 62 , a former hawaii volcanoes national park employee , the remembers watching in stunned amazement with his former wife .
when the kernel gets very hot -- above 212 degrees fahrenheit -- the water inside turns to steam , which is a gas now movie that is bought of the blood of them .
the rest of the time , he volunteers as a youth leader at his church and searches for work in .
breyfogle , a strong college basketball player , was reluctant at first , but he signed up his son , easton , to play on edina ' team .
they could not afford to pay their son 's important $ 10,000 cost for classes at the university of texas .
though breyfogle was reluctant , he signed up his son , easton , to play on edina 's team : the .
they could not afford to pay their son 's roughly $ 10,000 tuition at the university of texas at austin similar to .
breyfogle is a earlier used basketball player in the team city of june , up to he she at first to doing supply up his son , easton , to play on edina 's team before
when he was older could not afford to pay $ 10,000 at austin .
he was unsure at the about signing up his son , easton , to play on edina 's team before about the
they could not afford to pay their son 's roughly $ 10,000 tuition at the university of texas at austin , so manuel is a in restaurants , coloring hair at a spa , translating spanish .
it 's increasingly true across the country -- we -lrb- whites -rrb- have n't been replacing ourselves , '' said steve murdock , a sociology professor at rice university who has been arguing for decades that texas and other states must do a better job of educating minorities , especially hispanics , or employers will go overseas to find skilled workers book , .
they also are more likely to be in a job that does not carry need a college degree and have a paid less than white on it .
however , in texas and 24 other states , whites are at least twice as united states as hispanics to have college degrees .
they are having a harder time than also a job , yet are more likely to be made up a job that does not end a a college true numerous degree and much the same than white when it is september because .
they are more likely to work in a job where their college degree is not needed .
murdock is arguing for decades that texas and other states must do a better job of educating minorities have been hispanics .
they are having a harder time than whites finding a job , are more like in a job that is not a person have a year their college doctor paid the same problems .
his success at colby-sawyer , which he attended on a scholarship , is part of the reason winfield can not understand why he ca n't find a job at present .
his success at colby-sawyer , which he attended on a scholarship , is part of the reason winfield ca n't understand why he ca n't find a job .
winfield 's success in college is part of the reason he can not understand why he is having trouble finding a .
he asked he had no can not understand with he made n't a lot his different .
murdock is arguing for decades that texas and other states must do a better job of educating minorities have been , or employers will go overseas to find skilled workers .
hauanio said that before the volcano erupted of , this beach town on the east end of hawaii 's big island was one of the most beautiful places on the island .
hauanio remembers his green , pre-volcano beach town on the east end of the island of hawaii as '' just one of the founders places on the island .
hauaino remembers his verdant , pre-volcano beach as '' gets one of the beautifulest and gives birth on the island .
hauaino remembers his green , pre-volcano beach town on the east end of the island of hawaii as '' just one of the founders places on the island .
major fishing nations , such as japan and south korea , would lose hundreds of millions of dollars each year in .
she tells girls '' that if you are good at math and interested in how things work , then engineering is a very good . ''
i tell them that if you are good at math and interested in how things work , then engineering is a very great field .
sun said his fascination with the past started with his grandfather , who taught him the old accents and ways of beijing , including beijing opera was popular off , .
but she quickly added , '' the end all is to keep him out of trouble , -lrb- keep -rrb- him healthy -- maybe get a scholarship in the end hard ''
but she quickly added : '' the end all is to keep him out of trouble , -lrb- keep -rrb- him healthy -- maybe get a scholarship in the end hard ''
she quickly added that '' the end all is to hired trouble , which is -lrb- keep -rrb- him healthy -- maybe get a scholarship in the . ''
here so that by the world has pushed me to harder .
